Straight out The Villle and I made it,
Like a villian I'm hated
I see'em gillin, I ate it though
Fien'n to blow inflatable, That's undebatable (ugh)
I'm givin niggas food for thought, the flow is cater yo
I'm never faded though,
Haters wanna see me broke, but me and the doe related hoe!
It's like my only son, where I go, he come!
niggas dumb to be braggin bout that stupid shit
Nah I don't stunt on niggas, I show'em how to do this shit
I'm somethin like the light-skin version of the very same baby that The Virgin Mary raised
That's word to everything!
nigga life a scary game but I'm playin
You sucka nigga lie in everything that ya sayin
Shame on ya'll, you tryna ball with the game on pause
Ay nigga pull the thing on ya'll, ya'll stain ya'll draws
fuck you niggas, but this ain't raw dog
I got protection, lethal weapons, and they aim on ya'll
I'm like the man on mars; I'm high as hell
Watch me blow like I exhale I excel in this rap shit,
Cause ya'll spittin that wack shit
And every nigga suddenly be rappin bout that trap shit
So while you niggas copy cat the cats who made classics
I just massacre the streets, I'm a master of the beats and the rhymes
I'm rappin for the freaks and the dimes and shine like a mothafuckin diamond,
You shine like a mothafuckin dime
That's word to my mom
I don't mind if you niggas hate
Just know you hatin on that nigga, nigga get it straight
I'm spittin hungry like ain't shit up on my dinner plate
The kind a flow that make a nigga hyper-ventilate (ugh)
See let me demonstrate, I grew up with nothin, it hurt me to see my mother poor
The only pops a nigga ever seen around was Huckstable
And so the muscle flow is something you can't get no muzzel for
Look how the buzzer grow,
Ballin til the buzzer blow
Man I'm hungry, does it show?
Ain't nothin funny, fuck a joke I'm gettin money til my pockets need a tummy tuck
I hope you niggas woke now, impermanentely
Send you to hell, you meet the devil, sign a permanent lease
Word on the streets is I'm the prince nigga, check the splenda
And I can't wait to be the King, nigga: young simba!
Word on the streets is I'm the Prince nigga, check the splenda
And I can't wait to be the king, nigga: young simba!


He gonna have the nerve to fucking tell me niggas from the south can't spit?,
Bitch I'll smack your dumb ass (Fayettenam what up? Carolina what up?)
Stupid ass mother fuckers (New York, what up? Queens)
I'm a quit talking shit and about show y'all
I told y'all niggas that I'm getting my bread and going home
I'm a show you all stupid ass motherfuckers (Coming soon, nigga)
Dumb ass niggas
The heir to the throne
South nigga bred to the bone
But haters say he fled from his home (please),
Now picture that, I was 18 with million dollar dreams (yeah),
Moved to Jamaica Queens, like Prince Akim,
But ain't looking for no queen, (nah)
Came to get my c.r.e.a.m. (yup),
City on my back, I just lift my wings, I'm fly
You niggas on my dick, while I
Thought them niggas from the south couldn't spit, viola
I'm here. I'm a lot respect, not fear.
So please be clear, nigga please beware,
I'm a motherfucking monster, B.S. me? (naw)
No, my hand game like fucking PSP!
Now pop the champagne, money is coming soon
My dick do the damn thing, honey it's cuming soon,
She jerking, bend her over, now she hurting,
Living reckless got me thinking of death, look how she flirting,
Well, fuck that bitch, man a nigga tryna breathe (yea)
Some of these niggas be tryna dick her down and leave
Rest In Peace, ya'll boys living too fast,
Caught up in the cash, and got shot up in a flash,
Ville niggas don't play,
When it comes to that money, think real niggas won't spray?
Mid-day when it's sunny, they kill niggas broad day
On some more new jack shit
This rap shit is like tag nigga you not it, so run

Ha ha ah
I'm the man, hahaha, yea hey
I'm the man
I'm the man, (I told ya'll niggas),
I'm the man

Yea, uh
They say I act like I'm the man, cause motherfucka I am
Niggas study my style, I should be giving exams,
Damn boy I am so flamboyant with the ensemble.
Polo jacket, polo tee, what a fine combo,
And I'm the man, now understand a nigga bossin, ' (yea)
Scheming on that drop top CL but it's costing (yea)
Long term plans for the fam, we'll be dropping?
Never catch a nigga double-crossing, unless I'm flossing (woo)
In the streets niggas peace war until you force him,
To quarter back them bullet passes, you could Randy Moss 'em.
Got damn you niggas got handled,
Niggas only publishing, my style got sampled,
So I switched like a thick bitch with some heels on.
I seen a nigga get popped, I feel for 'em
I know who did it, but you think I'm finna squeal on him?
Shout out to R.J. Hill I would kill for him,
That's word, nigga observe my genius.
E&J sipping got a nigga straight leaning,
My DNA dripping while your girl stay drinking, (haha)
I told y'all I'm the man, what the fuck ya'll niggas thinking?

Yea, Yeah
I'm the man
I'm the man nigga
And I'm the man
I'm the man nigga
(I'm the man)

Yea
First and foremost, Fayettenam what's good?
Carolina, what up? Bull city, Raleigh, Charlotte, Winston Salem,
Greensboro, Wilmington, nigga
Everywhere dog, I'm repping from long distance, man.
I told y'all boy, I'm bout to get this money and come home right quick,
Y'all niggas still see me tho, you think I'm still there; you ain't even know I'm gone
Back so much, nigga,
I hear you all little niggas talking, nigga.
Prince of the city, nigga.
Prince of the south, nigga, holla at me.
Ya know? Heir to the throne, bitch.


Yeah
Take ya'll back... to them school days, yeah.
Fayettenam, what up, man?
We came a long way from sticking move
Niggas skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning
It goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food,
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall, always
Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle
If we had this shit our way
We be standing here all day
But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape.
All late to class with fake passes,
Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing.
They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Damon Dashes
I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes.
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak,
It's all good, probably have a new ex by next week.
I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that,
But what I wouldn't give to go back.

[Chorus]

Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish.
Yo, I walk another nigga girl to her class, with my hand on her ass,
If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh.
Real sneaky yo, gotta keep it low,
Up in math, let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yea
Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flow,
But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts.
Uh, we bag 'em up, ya'll niggas gonna have to wait,
So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.'
But some of my niggas will probably never make it,
The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, cause
Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor,
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up.
Momma cut the light on, "Time to get up, "
Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out,
At the time I thought this shit was so whack,
But what I wouldn't give to go back.
Yea, hey,

[Chorus]

Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish.
I'm a little grown, but still reminisce,
Close your eyes nigga, you remember this?
Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss.
After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim,
You forgot your school I.d.? Fuck, nigga, you ain't getting in.
In the hallways acting like some hoodlums,
See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones.
Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say,
Twenty people on the phone cause everybody did three-way.
Man we played them girls for the fools, but,
Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools,
Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn.
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone,
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone,
Pardon me ya'll I'm just flipping through some Kodaks,
Sitting, wishing I could go back.

[Chorus]

Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish, man.
Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggas man.
R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yea, B. Nasty, Big Joe,
Smitty, What's good? Yea,
Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith,..
Class of 2003, that's me
I know y'all remember this.


A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got
So if its about that cream, then I’m all up in the spot
I was raised in the F-A
Why a nigga never gave me nothing?
Pops left me, I ain’t never cry, baby, fuck him, that’s life
And trust me I’m living,
Look what a nigga made out,
The shit that I was given,
Look what a nigga came out
Momma sewing patches on my holes,
Man, our hoes couldn’t put this flame out.
Straight up, I got my back against the brick wall,
I’m from a world where niggas never pop no Cristal, it was pistols.
You pass through, you better pray them bullets missed y’all,
I thank the Lord He let a nigga make it this far,
A lot niggas don’t, a lot of moms weep.
I gotta carry on, all the weight is on me.
You never know when a nigga might try to harm me.
Rest In Peace that nigga John Lee,
I pour liquor, homie

It’s foul, but yo the world keeps spinning,
Gotta keep winning, get up off this cheap linen,
Nigga Imma eat, even if it means sinning,
Niggas want beef, Imma sink my teeth in ‘em
Pause, I go harder, I'm all about a dollar
You niggas street smart? I’m a motherfucking scholar
So trust me, I ain’t stopping ‘til my money is long,
So much dough, them hoes will think I’m rocking money cologne
Have a model at the crib waiting, “Honey, I’m home.”
Cooking greens for a nigga, give ‘em plenty, a dome.
It’s funny, we dream about money so much its like we almost got it,
Until we reach up in our pockets, its time to face reality,
The ville is a trap nigga now,
And if you ain’t focused you gonna be here for awhile,
My nigga Mike rolling with me, riding shotgun,
Type a nigga know about every car, but don’t got one.

That’s hunger, no wonder niggas fucking with the evils,
Posted on the corner, selling crack like its legal
But who am I to judge how a nigga get his paper?
This money coming soon, dog, I’m tryna get my cake up
I guess I gotta wake up these niggas myself,
An E&J sipper, but my shit is top shelf,
Young J, the rawest shit you niggas ever heard of
A journalist nigga, call me the Fayetteville Observer

You know the routine, man
Fayettnam
Real niggas can relate,
And Ville niggas can relate, man.
My niggas know about the struggle, man.
What you know about your momma sewing patches on your holes, nigga?
I had the light blue jeans with the green patches, haha, oh shit.
I was in like first grade man, I swear
It was like the Sixes came out, the Jordan Sixes.
Them shit was so fly man, I wanted them so bad.
Darryl what up man?
My nigga Darryl had them shits on in class yo,
I wanted that shit soooo bad.
I begged my mom for that shit, you know.
But she couldn’t afford it, yo, she gave me,
Got me some Reeboks black tops, ahaha
But that was all good tho, cuz uh,
The year after that I had, I had some, some no name shits,
Some all black shits, haha
Them shits had metal, metal shoelace buckles and shit, you know?
But you know back then niggas didn’t,
Niggas ain’t even know he was broke man, no worries and shit.
But uh, times have changed man, I got bills,
My mom is in debt, what you know about that?
College loans and shit, nigga
Gotta get this money, ma


Yeah
Yeah, uh
Yea,
Yea
Yeah
Carolina, nigga
Fayettenam, nigga
Yea

This is for them street niggas to them deep niggas,
Them politics, them geek niggas,
To them freak bitches that swallow dick, it's real.
Or them sheet niggas ain't proud of shit niggas, and still,
Even them bleak niggas without a cent could feel.
I never sleep nigga, I gotta get them mills
I never cheat nigga, my heart is with the ville.
When niggas greet niggas with hollow tips, but chill.
You'll never reach nigga, I got an itch to kill.

Word, a nigga bringing heat to the third
My shit in every street, like the curb.
So bitches wanna meet cause I'm deep with my words,
So them niggas wanna peep like a perv,
But peep game.
Before they start saying "He changed,"
A real nigga can never forget where he came.
So if I'm up in Carolina kicking deep game,
Or if I'm riding through Queens like the E-train,
I throw it up!
Yea

If you a down south nigga, throw it up, (and)
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a Fayettenam nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a ATL nigga, throw it up,
New York to L.A. niggas, throw it up,
Yeah, Chi town throw it up (yea)

As you niggas smoking more kush,
South niggas wreaking niggas, ask George Bush,
Ask Bill Clinton, a nigga Will Smithin'
My jeans a 'lil less baggy, money still fittin.'
The streets a lil less rowdy, but they still kickin'
Them Randy Johnson O.G. niggas still pitchin'
And yeah, I know she got a man, but I'm still hittin'
So when he be up in that shit, he be like "This feels different,"
No shit, throw dick like the veteran I am,
I got that vitamin D, it's like medicine to them.
I got her climaxing like it's never finna end,
That's why she fucking me a lot better than her man.
She try a new trick, she so wet a nigga swam,
Like a salmon in this bitch, my dick drowning in that shit.
They love a fly nigga on that frisbee shit.
Plus a nigga get Gs like them Disney flicks.
I throw it up!
Yea

If you a down south nigga, throw it up,
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a Bull city nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a H-town nigga, throw it up, (yea)
You represent that Bay nigga, throw it up, (yea)
And if you from that BK nigga, throw it up (yea)

Greedy niggas want the money, so that's where my aim is,
Hoe niggas love the attention, wanna be famous,
Real niggas fuck the attention, they know it's dangerous,
Rather make a mil' and nobody know what my name is, (uh)
But that's the price when you nice with it.
And them ladies gonna like cause you light-skinned,
I take advantage of the situation,
I'm hitting dimes from Atlanta up to Pennsylvania.
They catch feelings and I switch next,
"I made it clear baby, just sex,
I'm too young to settle down, shorty get dressed!"
Even them white girls tryna be my princess,
But I only fuck with sisters like incest.
I've been stressed, I'm so in-depth,
I get this weight up off my chest like a bench-press,
I sense death in the air, but it's nothing for me,
Some niggas better be aware or meet the cousin of sleep, get it?
You slow niggas still ain't felt that shit.
How she gonna upgrade me dog? I built that shit.
Rapping's a cash cow, finna milk that bitch,
You better hit up homocide, I just killed that shit, boy!

Throw it up nigga!
Throw Throw it, Throw it up!
Yeah!


Haha uh
Yeah, uh
Yeah, Yo
Bear with a nigga man,
Gotta a little head cold, ya know?
I'll still kill it nigga
Show y'all niggas how it do,
Real Quick,
Uh.

You know what they say,
The window to the soul is in the eyes,
So disrespect a nigga, I will close a nigga blind,
Yeah who can hold us? Super focused
Shoot them hoes with the super soakers,
I got 'em so wet, fuck that, more wet,
I'm Hennessy drinking
Wonder what my enemies' thinking,
Nervous? nigga, please.
I'm finna be caking with dough-
So much bread, it's like a nigga be baking.
Walk that's so cold, this shit will need blankets,
Money coming soon, tell my niggas be patient.
We gonna replace those whips with some sicker ones,
We gonna erase them chicks for some thicker ones.
Hit and run, bigger funds,
But still can't forget to pour liquor,
As I reminisce on them niggas that couldn't come.
Rest in peace, can't control another man's destiny,
So I do what's best for me.
I know you think niggas well, ain't no test to me.
On my plate is a meal, ain't no recipe- for that,
Some nigga chill on the tech, no speak, blaaat,
Some niggas will put your chest to feet
I'm talking reckless.
What you expect nigga, I'm flexing,
Y'all dyslexic, got a nigga twisted.
Never shot a nigga, I don't gotta get convicted,
Cause if I say the word, your whole squad is getting lifted.
What up then? Niggas ain't saying nothing? Shut up then!
Wouldn't last a minute in the city I grew up in.
Where I got my swag, cool as the breeze is,
Chip on my shoulder, I walk like I'm Jesus.
About that paper, we could give a fuck if you believe us,
Looking for model divas that barely speak English,
Fuck 'em while we rich, cause when we broke, they gonna leave us,
We earn stripes, looking like zebras,
Y'all looking like Adidas.
We do it for the streets, cause they need us,
Got beef? Come meet us.
Ok I thought so,
Y'all niggas are so mad cause I floss so bad on bitches,
And with this stroke, I'm Picasso,
Niggas told me good afaso,
Now she yelling out God so much, thought I had her singing gospel.
Shit, shout out to my apostle,
Shit, you know me, nicest nigga in the south,
Yea you can quote me!
Wooo Shit!
Haha
Ooooh Shit, mother fucker!
Hahaha
Oohh Shit,
And I'm sick bitch, holla at me!
You know!
Fuck boy!


Yeah,
Ay check me out man,
In case y'all niggas didn't know-
Shout out to the class of 2007,
St. John's University, stand up! (Fayetteville state, nigga)
All my North Carolina A&T Aggies stand up, UNTG man,
Carolina, NC State, Duke, wait for us, Salam State, man,
Fayetteville Tech.

For all my college niggas man,
For all y'all little niggas, this is why you should got to college, my nig.
Hahaha
Yeah

It's hard to picture a nigga not get money,
J.Cole living bummy? hahaha That shit is funny,
I'm focused on that cash, I just laugh at them bastards,
Eligible bachelor, finna get my Bachelor's,
And if this rap shit don't work, I'm going for my Master's.

Still scouting hoes on the first day of classes,
Keep up with the asses, keep up with the grades,
A nigga straight A's like the braze,
She got me in her dorm room, talking bout her room ain't clean,
And she wanna fuck, but wait until her roommate leaves,
Now I could give a damn if her roommate seeing,
Cause if the girl get excited, she's invited. (haha)

If it's alright with you, yea, shit, then it's alright with me,
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me
Hey and if it's alright with you, (yea, yea) then shit, it's alright with me.

Yeah, uh, I hate to brag, well naw, I don't, the big man on campus.
I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga glances,
And if your ass is dumb you won't even get a chance,
Cause I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga answers, yea.

And if I hit ya shorty, keep it on the low,
This shit just like highschool, people wanna know.
I see you haters man, but I ain't mad at y'all niggas,
We get ass like them basketball niggas, I'm ballin'!
Got a sidekick so them hoes don't be callin'!

Hit me on aim, ay what's your screen name?
When I start typing in, a nigga's got some mean game, yea,
And when I whip it out, shit she gonna think she seeing things, but
Back in Carolina I miss home badly, (yea)
It's funny hoes I couldn't have is tryna bag me,
But I'm in the Jeep with this freaky ass Aggy,
She said she want it from the back, gladly.

If it's alright with you, shit, then it's alright with me, (hey)
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me,
Look, if it's alright with you, (yea) you know it's alright with me.
Yea uh

I'm skipping class just to get some ass, living fast,
And college with no sleep nigga, my jab-quick exams,
So kill that old college game, some shit we don't believe.

You mad cause your girl on Facebook poking me, so uh,
You know the G, I hit her up like "Hello Elle,
I see you looking right the other day, LOL.
So, what's good with you? "
She hit me right back like "Shit, what's good with you? "
You know I like that, so of course I write back,
Hit her with some nice chat.

Same night she in my room, lights off I strike that,
Yea I put game right, but that's your wife, nigga take her,
I bust then I kick her ass out to write a paper, yea (hahaha)

A nigga doing homework, drinking like a fish,
It ain't a weekend that I'm sober,
Fighting hangovers on my way to my internship,
And I forgot to study for my midterm, shit!

Hahahaha, wooo!

Ay, this is straight through, nigga,
No, no fucking, no double takes,
This is straight through the whole shit nigga,

Check it out man, tryna tell y'all niggas man,
College is a good look,
A real good look, my nigga,
For more reasons than one, man,
Know they try to keep us out of that shit though,
That shit like extra expensive.
I got scholarships though, so you know I'm not sweating that.
I feel for my niggas that couldn't make it man,
Ay Mike we in there baby, hahaah
Ay they can't, they can't keep us out the G my nigga, you know.
Then we all make it, nah, we ain't all make it.

Shout out to my niggas, man,
All my niggas, yo.
Weather you graduated or not,
Weather you made it to college or not, nigga.
Fayettenam, yeah, yeah,
Class of 2007 man,
Holla at me,
I'm going to grad school though, you know?


Yea, yea
Real niggas can relate
Yea, Ville niggas can relate man
Yea

I see you lookin' at me hard, shawty what it's gone be?
Would you ride next to your man or let him run up on me?
'Cause I see him tryna grill, better take his ass home
'Fore I lay his ass out, then I take your ass home
I ain't even gone front man a nigga tryna cut
I ain't tryna take his place, I just wanna hit you up
When that nigga ain't around I just wanna pick you up
Bring you back to the crib, sip a little liquor up
Then I give you a massage, get you wet get you up
Then I give you what you want, if it's clean I'll lick it up
Now you can do me, if it's right my shit is up
Face down on your stomach take that ass and lift it up

Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

I'll be that nigga on the side, when you feel you wanna creep
When you in the bed alone while your man run the streets
All you gotta do is dial, let the phone ring twice
Babygirl I love your style I won't even think twice
I ain't even gone front, man a nigga tryna beat
I ain't tryna wife you up though you is a dimepiece
I just love the way you ride like a certified freak
How you throw it right back got a niggas thighs weak
So just hit me when you want it, you know how to find me
Got no time for no games you know how the grind be
But I'mma make the time if you bouta dial me
I'mma make you say my name like you caller ID

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Give you money to get your hair did? He can do that
Pay for dinner and a movie? Man, he can do that
Work you out in the bed? Maybe he can do that
But I know you'd much rather call me to do that
And girl I'm wit' it
Yea - I'm so wit' it
Babygirl I'm so wit' it
So let me hit it

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up


[J. Cole:]
Hello
[Freddie P:]
Hello
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Hey, is this Cole?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Wassup man?
[J. Cole:]
Wassup?
[Freddie P:]
It's Freddy P man, from high school
[J. Cole:]
Oh shit, how you doing bro
[Freddie P:]
You remember me?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Man, shit, I'm good. Ey shit I heard you up in New York doing your thing man
[J. Cole:]
Yeah man, I'm trying
[Freddie P:]
Shit, keep on doing that shit, I know you putting the ville on the map
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Ey check this out man, I got some shit going on man. I wanted to talk to you about it
[J. Cole:]
Okay
[Freddie P:]
You know maybe doing some kind of management kind of thing
[J. Cole:]
Euhh aight
[Freddie P:]
Yeah man, I can make some shit happen for you man. Check it out
[J. Cole:]
Watchu got?
[Freddie P:]
I got a couple artists I'm managing
[J. Cole:]
Okay
[Freddie P:]
I got my artist T-Plain, he just joined with young jack strap
[J. Cole:]
Oh shit!
[Freddie P:]
You know that shit is going down
[J. Cole:]
You managing T-Pain?
[Freddie P:]
So basically man...
[J. Cole:]
Hold up, you managing T-Pain?
[Freddie P:]
Nahh, T-Plain
[J. Cole:]
Who? T-Plain?
[Freddie P:]
Yeah, you know, he bout to go down. Matter of fact
[J. Cole:]
Can I Holla at you later? Ey come here man. Imma let you holla at him real quick. See what he can do you know
[Freddie P:]
Aight
[T-Plain:]
HELLOOO
[J. Cole:]
Hello?
[T-Plain:]
IS THIS J. COLE?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah! Yeah! Man
[T-Plain:]
Oh wassup man?
[J. Cole:]
Wassup?
[T-Pain:]
I really like that shit you be doing!
[J. Cole:]
Awh fuck
[T-Plain:]
HE... HELLO ?


Money coming soon, nigga...
I'm on the come up, chill nigga, don't run up,
A yellow nigga finna rise and shine like the sun up, (yea)
My mind on that paper, I ain't tryna wife a slut up,
I'm dying for this cake and I ain't tryna wipe a crumb up,
They ride with the gun up, kill you and light the blunt up, (uh)
Don't shed a tear, for a nigga might get done up,
But just say a prayer for a nigga might confront us,
Cause his life is summed up, the medics wipe his lungs up,
You coming to the ville, you gotta get a license from us,
City on my back, I feel like I'm holding Big Pun up,
No pain, no gain, my nigga, I just numb up.
I blow brains, go bang a nigga if he jump up,
With no shame, don't blame a nigga if you shot up,
This is cocaine on flames, baking soda and water,
And if you feel that, then I guess I sell crack, get it?
Fall back, man, a nigga feeling crazy.
Shitting on niggas, like a nigga was still a baby, (uh)
Carolina nigga, shout out to the ville, it raised me,
So many hoes whipped, you woulda thought we still in slavery.
And niggas still sleeping, they feeling lazy, (uh)
A killa? maybe, you make me, I will (uh)
Cheat me on my scrilla, I'll send you to meet Dilla, (uh)
From them NC streets where beef they deliver,
And the clip is on 'E' cause your chest got a filla.
A nigga like me just getting head like a pillow,
Bred like guerillas getting bread,
So long as my momma and my niggas getting fed,
Fuck what a niggas said, (man) I'm Fayettenam bombing,
Cause hatred is flattery, you bitch niggas is charming.
Who the fuck you harming? Boy y'all niggas is Charmin, (uh)
And I'm on it, waiting for a target.
You fucking with the best, like Common.
Ah shit, pardon a nigga for departin',
I'm just getting green like a yard or a garden.
A nigga finna blow, while you niggas is false alarmin.' (uh)
And just think though, I was raised on Ramen, (uh)
Chicken noodle soup, now I'm filet mignon.'
I promise my momma I was coming to make this money,
And I swear I'm a kill the nigga that try to take it from me.
Yeah

That's real talk, nigga!
It's J.Cole, nigga, Therapist,
Whatever fuck you wanna call me, don't matter,
Make y'all niggas understand, man,
Yea!
Know y'all can't believe yourself right now,
Yo this nigga from the south, naw,
He can't spit, how the fuck is he so good?
Hahaha
Open your eyes, motherfucker,
Can't see?
Niggas on top! yup!
On top, yup, yup,
On top!


Yeah
It's me
Feels good
Carolina, what up? (Blazing)
Fayettenam, what up?
Therapist
Yo, ay, Yo

You niggas gotta be outta your rabbit ass mind
A savage over this cabbage
You really think I'm finna let your faggot ass shine? (no)
Whipping niggas like big body Cadillacs
I'm on my grind, yo
Bonafide hancho
I could see through you niggas with cataracts, blindfolds
As matter of fact, I'm so bomb- niggas scatter that
Niggas that, Niggas so rat, Niggas better act pronto
My whole state in a reign, better pack ponchos, y'all know
Shit is real in the ville, you could die slow or quick
Survival's a bitch
But everybody don't meet her, so tuck the nine yo
Wherever y'all roll, niggas allergic to 5-0
God knows I don't put up no facade, no
No fraud, niggas scheming like Side-Show Bob
Keep my eyes so wide, not another wise
Disrespect me, you could watch your mother sigh
From the other side, punk-ass nigga
Jump and get lumped fast, throw you in the trunk
Blast pop while I pump gas
Skunk ass niggas is trash, you need a sponge bath
My niggas will ride all day like a funpass
That's some New York shit
I'm from the south, though
Don't never disrespect me, watch yo' mouth hoe
I got agent clout though, y'all niggas dissin' me is doubtful
You talk shit? Watch your life fade like the outro


Give me my money, man, why else would a nigga be grinding?
I’m for them diamonds, dog, how else could a nigga be shining?
I’m glowing, knowing that the flow intact,
Get this record deal, I swear to God, my first mil I’m blowing that
Now, like fuck it I know I’ll grow it back, shit, it’s nothing,
Funny how blacks spend their money on mad shit for stuntin
But shit, that’s all we know man, thats how a niggas raised
You learn bout two things: getting pussy, getting paid
And you should be gettin laid by the time you in ninth grade,
So niggas lying on they dick and hoes giving nice brain, yea.
In class dreamin bout having these nice things
And then you look around and wonder why you strugglin
But them whites ain’t
I brush it off like, “fuck it, it’s motivation,”
Some niggas gotta walk through life, some niggas roller skating
Some niggas bypassing steps, some niggas chose to take ‘em
And for that fortune, man, some niggas sold their soul to Satan,
But fuck it man, I ain’t hatin, I gotta go for mines.
My little God-sister pregnant now, I put in overtime,
On my grind, yea, just like the nigga making Fortunes,
I’m focused, on my bite, like a cobra, I’m tryna get my Oprah on
These hoes is crying cuz I won’t pay ‘em attention,
Time is money, bitch, and a nigga payin tuition,
Real niggas hustle by using their intuition,
While these fake niggas ain’t into doing, they into wishin,

Til I’m rich, ain’t no reason to settle nigga,
It's greed that make a nigga wink at the devil to get that cheese,
You niggas couldn’t think at my level, even with trees,
You couldn’t get this deep with a shovel, now nigga, please,
I’m chasing G’s tryna throw some diamonds on them freeze,
Sick shit, sneeze on some thousand-dollar sleeves.
Ease to the top and I’m not finna leave til I’m hot,
But my watch gotta breeze, a south nigga,
Boy, I’m shining without the diamonds in my mouth,
Out grindin while you reclining on your couch,
I’m climbing, you haters blinded by the doubt,
My niggas riding is devout, so talking violence out yo mouth,
And you gonna find what I’m about, nigga
Far from a slouch, nigga, I ain’t gonna parlé with y’all,
I’ll probably hit ya, my hand game like Bobby Fisher,
but check, them checks is all a nigga thinking,
For them Presidents, I’ll treat a nigga like Lincoln


Yeah, uh
Uh, yea
Yea, uh
Fayettenam, nigga
Hahaah uh
Carolina, nigga
Yeah, Yea, let's bring it in

Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Uh, uh, uh,
Nothing but sweat, tears,
Just another perspective,
Yeah

Yo, uh
Lifestyles of the young, black and genius,
Sons strapped with guns packed in jeans,
And the blunts got my lungs black as Jesus, (yea)
Play with killers hung yack and slung crack for leisure,
And tell a nigga run that and gun clap for sneakers,
Young niggas emulate what's coming out the speakers,
So everything we learn came from rappers, not teachers,
Cause if we can't relate, then how the hell you gonna reach us?
Surrounded by crooked cops and preachers, (yea) Where my trust at?
No time to think about illegal when my stomachs touching,
By any means, nigga, even if the gun is busted,
I see the world for what it is now,
I see the odds is looking slim for our kids now,
Cause, uh, it was a set up for my people to rise, (yea)
My niggas slang, but I see the pain deep in they eyes,
Niggas living like they don't give a fuck,
And I don't blame 'em, it's a cold world, live it up! (live it up)

The things that I've seen, (seen)
The dreams that I dream, (dream)
The rain in my sky,
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby,
Hope that it gets better baby,
Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw,
Don't let them break you, (you)

Yea, uh
I look up in the sky, see that ghetto birds circulate,
And rollers on the block, my niggas on the curb, cursin them, (fuck)
Another day in the ville, do I stay in and chill? (no)
Or go play in the field?
Help my mother paying these bills, you tell me, nigga!
We all young, black, some strapped,
Them whites had they lunch pack for school, we had our guns stacked.
And all a nigga wanna do is take his mother from that,
But they'd rather lock us up and make sure we don't come back.
To kill a nigga over beef and cheddar is even better,
Just one less coon they won't have to arrest.
Fuck a crooked cop three times,
Bitch, I'm getting cake and ain't a nigga finna eat mine,
That's why a nigga looking like a street sign, (yea)
Posted on the corner 'til it's sleep time.
Wake up and it's feeling like somebody hit the rewind, (why)
Cause them ghetto birds circulate, my niggas steal purse and 'em,
Another day in the city, my niggas say it with me, yea!

The things that I've seen, (seen)
The dreams that I dream, (dream)
The rain in my sky,
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby,
Hope that it get better baby,
Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw,
Don't let them break you, (you)


Uh, yeah
Uh, uh-huh,
Yeah,

I'm I-95 cruising, with the sun in my eyes,
In the south, dog, my momma ain't seen her son in awhile,
Yea, I'll sure is,
Can't wait to see my niggas and fuck with my old chicks,
Can't wait to cruise the city, be catching them old grins,
Same niggas, same place, doing the same old shit.
Yea, so nigga watch it!
A nigga been in NY tryna get some bigger pockets,
You still up in the ville, tryna make it in the trap,
I'm finna put us on the map; I told you I was coming back, Cause,
Yeah, so make way, the prince of the city, ain't a street I can't stay,
You niggas is hatin, ' just be happy I ain't changed.
Blunts rolled to the murk, we all want the same thing,
And that's- money to feed us, yup,
We pray to God, but, we ain't tryna meet Him yet, haha!
Yea, If I never...
Nigga, man,
Actually that is a bad idea, my nigga,
Cause uh,
Na na na
Now I'm a always come home,
It's where a nigga was grown,
Where a nigga was shown,
How to scrap, yup,
Shown how to mack, yup,
Sold a whole lot of crack, yup,
Juggling them hoes,
There was a whole lot of that, yup,
Momma work to the bone,
Putting clothes on my back,
I'm coming home to give everything I owe to her back, yea,
Yea,
I swear they say, man,
Yea yeah,
Shout to the whole ville!
Of course, so real!
Uh,
If I never...
If I never went home again,
"Hello?, chill out nigga, what's up, boy?
Yeah, I just touched down man,
I'm over off Ramsey and shit,
Aiight, well look,
I'm about to go check out my mom's man,
What's jumping for tonight?
Oh the Live? I'm in there, nigga."


Yeah,
Yea Yea, uh,
It's Carolina, nigga,

Yeah
Ay,
Fayettenam,
Yeah!

Listen, alive and still kickin nigga,
I survived the ville,
But a lot will not, so they will glocks and bonnevilles
Niggas lying, still get high, they ride and kill,
Money hungry, tryna find a meal.
Can't stay inside and chill,
Little niggas thinking: 'fuck school, I'm finna sign a deal!'
Hunting hoes, trapping niggas,
Lying like they on the pill,
Preachers say we blessed,
But all we feel is stressed, tryna deal.
If this liquor don't help, nigga, this marijuana will,
Roll up, I take a shot for them niggas behind the steel –gates,
My mind is still- racing, I'm tryna kill- snakes,
Cause niggas is fake, but wait, time reveals so,
Nevermind, that real shit is what I am tryna build.

It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel,
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill,
It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel,
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill.

Yeah,
Yo, Coming home, y'all,
Listen,

At any given time, got the city on my mind,
The city on my mind,
The city on my mind,
I'm riding round feeling like the city, it is mine,
The city, it is mine,
The city, it is mine,
At any given time, Carolina on my mind,
Carolina on my mind,
Carolina on my mind,
Said "I feel ya pain nigga, but I'm tryna go for mine,"
I'm tryna go for mine,
I'm tryna go for mine,
Hey,

Ay, fuck them hoes, let them bunnies be,
Perfect vision I'm 20/20 for this money, G,
See it's funny, you get that paper, then them honeys show,
Cause they know we finna blow, like a runny nose,
Money goes, the money come.
Barely twenty-one, I'm thinking big things,
Momma in the mansion with the fish tanks,
The Carolina way.
If you in college then you know the crime won't pay,
Lest you find a way, fuck what them niggas is tryna say,
Cause in Carolina- we thorough,
My niggas hold it down all the way from Fayettenam to the G borough,
And up in Winston, and Raleigh, did I mention?
The Bull City got them ol' fake niggas flinchin'
Tar heels state, either you shooting or you hoopin' yo,
Niggas can't wait for them Panthers to win the Superbowl,
So shout out to them super cold niggas up in Charlotte,
No matter the city, man, Carolina shine, regardless!
Yea,
Yo, coming home nigga!

[Deacon:]
Riding big in an ol' school Chevy
With the windows down when I'm rolling through my city, like,
Ooh!
On my way to meet up with a freak and my nigga drunk beating
She can hear me down the street, she like 'Ooh!'
Blew game and I do my thing,
Ain't tryna settle down, I ain't shopping for no ring,
Oh no!
Riding with my niggas for the weekend,
Carolina sounds pumping out the speakers, like
Ooh!


Need y'all niggas to feel me yo,
Feel my pain...
Said soft niggas can't last hard times yo,
Believe that shit.
Real niggas don't cry...
Look,
Yo...

Was just a youngin' with that fresh fade,
Bird chest, legs skinny,
That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny,
Fresh pennies on my feet,
Momma paid for everything I'm wearing,
At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world.
Aw. nigga, but shit done changed since "Mayne" was my nickname,
A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game,
Now I'm a man worried about my fam'
Let me explain,
Its like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shits sprained.
And so I rap for my niggas trapped in the struggle,
Feeling like the world's on your back so you stumble,
And it feels like a quarterback get sacked, and then you fumble.
Jobs don't call a nigga back so it's back to the hustle.
Niggas praying for they moms,
At the same time they moms pray for them.
Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way,
But damn a nigga been a lost fate.
It hurts on the usual,
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral.

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

I sit back and watch the news every now and then,
Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash,
Even the weathers bad.
It be the same shit, got my brain twisted,
Like damn it's '06 and niggas still up on that gang shit?
Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split
Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks,
some stupid niggas got him for his chain,
But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement
And now they telling me this little girl just got raped,
Some dude snatched her and she was standing at the bus stop, wait,
man she just eleven!
What the fuck is up with this world,
got these grown niggas fucking with girls?
Plus the cops harassing us,
every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim
Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain
They killed her only son,
Make her wanna blow her brains out,
Change the channel man I can't watch this shit...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

Take a ride through the city man and tell me what you witness.
Poverty, richness, crooked cops and misfits,
violence, hatred, real devastation,
neighborhoods looking like there's still segregation,
welfare, single mothers, no jobs,
tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie,
fiegns in the street so high off of that crack shit,
this nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress...
White folks got the road to success mapped and that's all good,
but why don't black's got that same atlas?
I asked the same question a million ways
and it seems like I had prayed for a million days.
Still the ills remain - just bills and pain.
Shoot outs and project buildings, children slain,
skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why.
Its enough to make a nigga wanna cry,
but I can't though...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.


Fuck it,
Ay,
Do or Die, new arrival,
Holla at my niggas,
You survive you's alive, yo,
Now either you follow me and ride, or you's a rival.
The difference between you and I is you a model, you posing.
But who am I though?
The mulatto out for that lotto,
Money coming soon, the newest model,
Your crew is hollow,
The type of niggas got more dick, chew and swallow.
Your girl told me shoot in her face, she suicidal,
Oh shucks, you niggas is closed, you fold up.
I'm from the Ville, niggas get killed over four bucks,
Thank God we made it, my niggas, we grown up,
Now we crazy over that bread, call us the "dough-nuts," uh,
More sluts once the money blows up,
But them hoes stop if the dough drops,
I won't stop though, a chip off the 'ol block.
I'm from a city where niggas hole blocks,
Leave you looking like old socks, damn,
Cops patrol blocks, spotting on us,
The boys is rotten, I know they want us,
Probably arrest a nigga, get a bonus,
You kill a nigga, get promoted,
Shit is crazy, girls getting babies before they get diplomas,
So much I just go nuts,
Niggas telling me slow up,
Remember that,
I'm tryna get where that cheddar at,
Y'all don't hear me,
Always somebody that don't want you getting cheese, yo,
This whole bullshit is like Tom and Jerry,
I'm kinda very raw, niggas can't deny facts,
If you black they sending you to jail or Iraq,
Honor is something you can't sell or buy back,
Niggas don't like bragging, they 9-11 fly cats,
Hijack niggas, "Get up out your whip nigga, strip!
I want it all- ice on your wrists and the kicks,"
This shit happens, I ain't just rapping, believe it yo,
They got streets in the city police won't even go,
Peep it though, uh,
It ain't no secret, niggas beefing cause my ego so big,
It got me speaking like I'm diesel, like I'm devil, oh,
Niggas know my stylo, I ain't tweaking, I am lethal though,
Have your daddy looking for you,
This ain't Finding Nemo though.
Let me slow it down, dumb it down, y'all warned,
The son came up out that womb, yo, a star is born.
If real recognize real, y'all are foreign,
My team run a play on your bitch and we all scoring, yea!


[Ring]
Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system

Damn, broke is a bad joke but still I laugh though
Frontin' trynna have hope, it's sad though
I'm tired of being broke as shit
I'm seeing other niggas ball and I'm like 0 for 6
Ay man I just graduated, good old college degree
Shit, my niggas drug dealing seen more dollars than me
I know my calling, it's in my blood to do this music thing
Won't be that illest nigga that you never knew his name
I'm looking at these fake A&R's like "you a lame-
That boy a genius and you ain't even listen, man you insane"
But you'll see though, just what the hell a nigga bout' to be though
So give me one year then play this back like T-VO
Cause boy I'm fein'n blow I'm a mothafucking torpedo
The music's in my blood so watch these niggas turn mosquitoes
Uh, I play the villain and the hero, some grow man shit
Feel like a god'dam kid, man I'm Pac and BIG
(What up?) "Up" is something that I can't give
Won't see me disappear like the old Ant Viv
Cause even on a slow jam I'm so damn sick
Man I even spread a virus to a program-quick
I gotta focus on my flow and get some doe man, shit
No dollars got me acting like I got no damn sense
But peace to my broham's and my ex lady
Yea we've been complicating things with the sex lately
Maybe I'm being selfish-but naw I can't help it
Cause girl we go back like a throwback Celtics-jersey
Regardless of where God lead us,
Just know that I was Martin and you was my Gina
Uh, but I'm through living in the past Lord
No more thinking rewind and more fast forward
Less rearview mirror and more dashboard
I'm visualizing cash and stamps on a passport
That CLS with a full tank of gas for it
Cop my momma a whip nigga he didn't even ask for it
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or loveers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle
Said I'm wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle nigga

Yeah uh!
Uh huh
I'd like to welcome ya'll to

My life, my life, my life, my life in the sunshine
(My life in the sunshine, ok yeah)
Everybody loves the sunshine (This is the come up nigga, uh)
Sunshine (Ayo real quick man)
Everbody loves the sunshine
(Ya'll better pardon this experience man, the come up)
(While we gettin' outta here, I just wanna give a few shout outs man)
Sunshine (First and foremost man, my fam man my mother my brother man)
Folks get down in the sunshine (God nigga, yes god nigga)
(For real my brothers from 'nother mothers man, RJ man)
Sunshine (Mike Shaw, what it is man, DreamVille all day, we not...)
Folks get down in the sunshine (We callin' that shit Fayattenam niggas)
(But we also callin' that shit DreamVille
Nigga you got a dream, you can get the fuck up outta yo situation nigga
Shout out to By Any Means, my nigga E-Ro man
Them Two Nice Niggas man
All the way, all terrain music all day)
There's trees and plants and flowers (It's a beautiful life man)
(Froms rags to riches, watch me man)
There's trees and plants and flowers (From rags to riches)
There's trees and plants and flowers (Uh yeah)


Gotta get my groove back, you know?
It's been a little minute,
Yea
Yeah
Uh,
Label me greedy, but see me finish what Petey started,
From Carolina where niggas spray like graffiti artists,
The south nigga, niggas used to think we retarded,
And slow as hell, but well well, now we regarded as the niggas. (yea)
I fuck with non rapping niggas, non clapping niggas,
Niggas is real, y'all is action figures. (ha)
Ain't into acting bigger than I really am,
Ain't no two ways around it, motherfucker I'm the man.
Where the beef at?
Back in the days I ain't even go out for recess,
A nigga don't play, man, I been living okay.
Been up in Queens where they 'rid of those foes,
And niggas GATs got bodies like video hoes.
It's J.Cole, you not fucking with just any old flow.
I'm like the '95 Penny, you like Penny '04,
No disrespect to my favorite player,
Niggas praying a nigga never see the day a nigga rich,
So I'm slaying niggas, yea.

[Chorus:]
This is for my niggas tryna make it,
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh,
They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail,
Living in a world where we set up to fail,
But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
Yeah
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea)
I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it.

Niggas in the streets, no,
Niggas blessed beats,
I got that priest flow, heavenly.
You gonna cross over if he reach for the rock,
Just a figure a speech for the glock,
From the Ville, where police know the heat flow a lot. (yea)
Like our beats yo, it's hot,
Niggas laid out,
Caught a fake nigga centerfield it's cause they played out,
Watch our boys fade out, niggas tryna hate,
If he only knew my dick's in his dame's mouth,
Just made out, came out the woodworks,
Now they tryna peep a nigga footwork.
I'm getting real green, y'all niggas playing on some good turf,
Fake money, scared money, never make money,
And a nigga never fear nothing but God,
Fuck a facade,
I'm just focused on stuffing my pockets up with them wads and shit,
Hundred thousand dollar deposit shit,
Been dreaming 'bout millions since a nigga was five or six,
And so I strive, I'm the God, this some bible shit,
Nigga I,
Yea,

[Chorus:]
This is for my niggas tryna make it,
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh,
They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail,
Living in a world where we set up to fail,
But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
Yeah
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea)
I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it.

Tell em Geppettos my niggas is ghettos with scarface dreams,
On the block with the hard hate, that's all they seen,
Niggas killing niggas in broad day on all they screams,
Watching cops loving car chase scenes,
Niggas arrested,
Treat us like roaches, the prison's nigga infested.
They hate to see the day we ain't slain, niggas invested.
All created equal looks like equal to a less than,
Depending on your race, or depending on your address, man.
I've been blessed, was given less and but still progress, man,
I hate to see the position my niggas left in,
Slay dope or nigga you slave for minimum wage,
Ashamed,
But we living in the cage, so nigga get paid, shit,
How could I tell a nigga not to hustle?
Yea it's a better life my nigga, but it's not for us though,
Instead they wanted us to break,
They never wanted us to make it, yea,
To my niggas smart enough to be smart enough to take it, nigga!


Big nerve out of the bullpen with the assist
We goin' back to war tell them boys to re-enlist 
I got more shit you don't wanna be a vic
I'm bangin' yall heads it's bout to be a bitch
It's bout to be a lick I'm feelin' very vigorous
I'm bout to be set for life like I'm jigga's kids
All terrain music you know how real it is
I got the beat an shit now look what I did 
My man filthy told just grab my balls on it
So what did I do? Yeah I grabbed my balls on it
What should you do? I say bet it all on it
Yeah thats my advice just bet it all on it
Do what I say so I ain't talking for nothin'
Don't take no from a holes yeah especially in public
J. Cole we way swoll either hate it or love it
Got hoes we take those if you dont like it then fuck it

You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it
You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it

Look at the product it's nice
Fuck wit fire and ice
Cheated on my girlfriend until my tires got sliced
Just got some x pills we gonna try em tonight
hang on tight girl you going for the ride of yo life
Everything was fine until she said I wasn't her type
Oh I get it all the time its because that I'm white
She was like "nah I'm used to dudes packin' the pipe
so you can just drop me off if you ain't tappin' me right"
I hysterically laughed girl I aint scared of yo ass
I don ate more pies than even sara lee has
so when I get done with that you wanna marry me ha
play in the backyard so I can bury the cash
and I can bury the bone cuz I am hier to the throne
I don't need no help see I can carry my own
no time for tricks bitch curly larry or moe
I hit with a big stick it's only fair that you know

You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it
You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it


Yea, hey
Yea, hey, Fayettenam
Yea, bitch

Yea - I'm sippin liquor for the pain
Pourin liquor for the slain
Nothin else can do the trick like hard liquor to the brain
Fall victim to the game, all this money we spent
And my mind tryna figure where these twenty g's went
Maybe I should slow it down, maybe take the pace slow
Second thought I think I need to speed it up and make mo'
Time to build, Lego, in the Ville, laid low
Countin' days still waitin' on that shit I prayed for
Am I ungrateful? Want it all so quick
Feel a vibrate, hold up, I got a call, old bitch
How she get my new shit? Swear the city too small,
Type of chick won't take her shirt off cause her titties too small
I could give a damn girl, and fuck that pretty blue bra
Now I'm in the deep seein just how pretty you are
And that kitty go hard, lord, I'm up in that
Got the type of kitty kat to make a nigga double back
Type of shit that make a nigga wanna fall in love wit dat
At the door, wit a towel on, and nothin under that sayin

Welcome
(hey-yeah)
Welcome
(yeah-yeah)

I let these words flow out, like water from a spout
Like rain from the clouds, it's the pain from the crowd
Cause these words go deep, from my soul when I speak
Then my flows hit the souls of all those that I reach
If I die 'fore I wake, hope my songs live on
Will they miss me when I'm gone? And if so, for how long?
So much shit is on my brain try hard to maintain
Sit and analyze my thoughts sometimes I wonder if I'm sane
Man it's hard to trust friends, when the paranoia blends with the marijuana,
Wonder will this high ever end
Swear I'd never smoke again, ya'll niggas blow the weed
Let me take another shot man this liquors all I need
Just to put me in a zone, so far away from home
Nobody truly know me got me feelin so alone
They wonder whats on my mind, whats lingerin in my dome
I tell them ain't nothing wrong I'll deal wit it on my own
I'll deal wit it on my own

Welcome
Yea - I'll deal wit it on my own nigga
Welcome


Yeah!
Pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashing
Probably cause I never could so if I had it, never would.
Then I got my first little taste of paper, and I splurged
I guess it's just the nigga urge, this is the Boondocks
I swear yo I'm like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be trynna save the world, then on Friday I hit the club
Hoping that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scraping then you hear the gats blasting Damn!
older niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see I can, but I won't
Plus I'm saying what I won't
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
That's the throat, on a certified freak, while she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes I let her give me head so she won't remember where I live
My game is tight, baby no need to bring pajamas, you ain't staying the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life

Like Hov said it Can I Live?
Aye dear Lord, Can I live? Hey!
Now am I Living to get paid just slaves for a wage (all week)
I can't do no 9 to 5 told my momma (sorry)
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the (glory)
If you knew me know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked (for me)
I ain't pissed, naw could'ntgive a shit (hardly)
I be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me
If I go I know the ones that's pouring liquor for me
And I know the fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was bout to blow so they was waiting on me
But Oh-No, Lord
See I'm smarter then they know-oh-oh
So hold on, Lord, Cause I ain't quite ready to go-oh oh

Can I live

Somebody told me that it's only one shot, so I'll be God damn, If I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'm a make it to the top
So I'm a keep climbing to my heartbeat drop

Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude he was young like 21, strait up out that city that I'm from
A real smart Nigga, but his niggas they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breath nigga.
His partner screaming Don't you *** leave nigga!
Took off his shirt trynna stop the bleeding nigga, Don't you go!
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know?
Did I tell my baby sorry from befo
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord I ain't ready to go

Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?

Can I live? Yea


Yeah, yeah
Yeah, uh

Now I was dreaming 'bout a deal at the age of thirteen
I was fiending for the mills, I ain't talking Burger King
Some of my niggas in the Ville, all they did was serve fiends
Fuck scales, I had skills, all day rehearsing
Them pretty boys had them gals, spent they time flirting
All they wanted was some waves like they fucking surfing
Hold up now, don't get it twisted, I ain't hating, do your thing
I was like a young Simba; couldn't wait to be the king
Now a nigga is the prince
Hopped over the fence where the grass way greener
Look at shorty ass, way meaner
Something like Serena mixed with Trina, have you seen her?
She fine enough to be Ms. Howard, word to Adina
My money like a senior, watch it graduate
Now it's time to eat, I'm letting all my niggas grab a plate
Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies
These niggas heard about me, now they acting like they know me

Keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (huh, yeah)
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (hey)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (going nigga, ay)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
Can't tell you where I'm going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, uh

Pardon the interruption, a proper introduction is necessary
When your shit is legendary, man
Greedy niggas wouldn't let me in the cafeteria'n
'Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian
The hoes is librarians; they looking me up
She got to Jones like Marion, she licking me up
Then we cut, look how she say my name
I got her moaning "J. Cole", they used to say Jermaine
I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin, six feet, shit's deep
I was low, just a dollar and some hope fixed me
'Cause I was broke, plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser
Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer
I'm a star; Converses
Conversin' with them girls with them curves like cursive
They open like curtains
'Cause my shit is unheard of like curses on the radio
Same bitches used to play me though, now they yelling

"Where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (huh, yeah)
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (going nigga)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
I can't tell you where I'm going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, yeah

Yeah, I left the city for a minute, but it's still on my back
Told my niggas "Ay, I'm finna put the Ville on the map
I'll be back, and I'm coming with a deal and a plaque."
'Cause I'm ill, bitch, they couldn't make a pill for the rap
Pouring liquor for my niggas that was killed, send 'em back
Came home, shit is real, niggas still in the trap
Hold up now, don't get it twisted, if you slang, do your thing
Me, I'm like a young Simba; I can't wait to be the king
Witness the dream
Straight out that Carolina water, I was brought up
In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballers
Ain't no fathers, but the skinny niggas tryna hit they daughters
Sneaking in her crib, but her momma never caught us
What they taught us?
Man, them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters
We hooping, now the hoes wanna guard us
Uh, okay, so play D, know what I mean?
And I, I, I'll put you on the team
Man, this life is but a dream and I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport
I'm a fucking rap star

"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They say this life is but a dream, well I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport
I'm a fucking rap star
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (yeah)
It ain't no telling


That was the warm (that was the warm up baby)
Aiight, Elite for real. One tape and I'm up out of here
One, yup, yea
Lord please forgive me for my sinning, I ain't saying that I'm finished but I'm praying in advance
Cause they way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants
Yea ball game-I swear the hoes wasn't in my plans
When a nigga took a chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me
Like, bobby had Whitney we were cooking up crack!
But them 15 credits had a nigga off track
Picture that! The best rapper since lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his Bachelors
Remasterd this rap shit you hear the words coming from my lips, bastards
I never crack, I got that chapstick
I practiced til that shit made perfect and served it to the people on a silver platter
Now wheres the ladder?
Cause either you gonna whine or climb, I choosed the ladder
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
Before you get tossed like a forward lateral
We never tattle, let God handle that
Or let the mob handle that, No soprano
Half Black, half white I'm a piano
I'm an animal my video on discovery channel
I'm a beast when my shit hits the streets these niggas seize to exist
Like a beach in a tsunami you'll find me in The Ville in the state of NC
Bitch if I ain't back home I'm up in N-Y-C bout that money probably
Like a fucking robbery but I ain't Jacking
I'm chasing dreams sort of like jeans
Boy I ain't slacking, I'm chasing dreams sort of like Jeans boy I ain't slacking
Ay take a hard look at my drive nigga no hacking on my shit
I'm strait smacking niggas strait tagging niggas
Yo I'm freestylin fuck ya'll niggas ya'll be wilding and I'm OUT!


Uh
Yeah
Yeah
Uh

[Verse One]
I had this little bad thing somethin' like them 10's
She gave a nigga mad brain somethin' like the wiz
But you see the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have brains dummy like a bitch
So I tried to show her
About the world and about just who we really are
And where we've come and how we still have to go really far
Like baby look at how we live broke on the boulevard
But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra
Then all I really want is for her to go down low
Before you know it she wet enough to get drowned slow
And all that deep shit I was previously down for
Replaced by freak shit I am currently down for
You see I peeped it, pussy is power
That proud feelin' we get knowin' that pussy is ours
And how it feels to feel that feelin' you feelin' when you be drillin' that shit
Got her sayin' you be killin' that shit
And all the pain the world cause
She be healin' that shit
And nah that ain't your girl dog
But you be feelin' that chick
And you just wanna tell her everything she might need
But in the mean time it's lights please

[Hook]
Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright

Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright
Lights please

[Verse Two]
So now we in the hotel
Mirrors on the ceilin'
She say she wanna blow L's
I hear her and I'm willin'
But everytime I smoke well a nigga mind gone
So that every word I spoke well I'm tryin' to put her on
But she couldn't hear me
I told her all about how we been livin' a lie
And that they'd love to see us all go to prison or die
Like baby look at how they show us on the TV screen
But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans
Then all I really want is for her to get on top
Before you know it she workin' jerkin' it non stop
And all that next shit I was previously talkin'
Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in
And while that sweat drip I am reminded
All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin'
I'm findin' the more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same
Don't even know the rules but yet y'all tryin' to play the game
And ain't it shameful how niggas blame hoes for givin' birth
To a baby that took two to make
Coward nigga you a fake
How gon' look in your sons face and turn your back
Then go start another family dog what type of shit is that?
She said it's okay
Rubbed my head and told me to relax
Laid a nigga down proper like she was recordin' tracks
Said I know you wanna change the world
But for the night please
Just reach over and hit the lights please

[Hook]
Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright

Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright
Lights please

[Outro]
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Turn off the lights
Lights Please
Yeah
That's it


[Verse 1:]
Yea Fayettenam
Uh, these niggas is playing Russian roulette with a full clip, foolish
My crew is foolless naw we don't dance all we do is stay two steps ahead
Make the hoes get loose like a noose neck-Instead while these dudes beg for head
They got the game twisted, heavy traffic in this rap shit
Look how my lane shifted, elevated my game, lifted my name
Now these lame niggas could never get it
Like that bad bitch you wanted but could never hit it
Clever with it, my flow like a devil spit it and heaven sent it
So high if I dropped I would fall for 11 minutes
So yea, I operate on a higher plain, my thoughts take a higher train
It's dope, then you should know the suppliers name
It's J. Cole, set of horns and a halo
And all these hoes ? wanna text-us like Waco
It's hard to remain faithful niggas be throwing hate
Yo I'm in a league of my own so what the fuck would I play for!?
Some next niggas almost slide in but didn't fit in
Naw I ain't Maury Povich but who the fuck is you kid-in?
These big weight niggas throwing their bid in
Try not to show stress
I guess the flow is protested like a sit in
I told my niggas we would get in
But that ain't even half the battle
Stay behind like a shadow
Or you catapult
Not if I had a ladder or not even if I had a rope
I'd climb that motherfucker to the top and never let it go!

[Chorus:]
(I'm out for presidents to represent me nigga!)
I out or president to represent me, yea!
I'm out for dead fuckin presidents to represent me! The warm up!
Yea, the warm up! yea the warm up
(This is, the warm up!)

[Verse 2:]
Ay, look heaven or hell you choose
Freedom or jail, you lose
I can't stop em as hot as the devils shoes
Overcame a low life status to blow like Gladys
Ahead of my time like I live my whole life backwards
I'm nothing like these hoe-like rappers
My whole life practice to be the one
What's it like to be Lebron
They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it
The weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it
I'll with it for real, lil nigga from Ville that real niggas can feel
Nobody taught us how to cook still niggas a grill
No Foreman, try not to call them ladies Bs but them hoes swarmin
Now honey, Ay is it destiny or is it money your feelin
Heard rumors of a deal and now you thinkin a million
Pardon my paranoid mind but I'm starin in the mirror livin in fear that things a never be the same
No one left for me to blame but myself cause I asked for this
Headed for fame but in my brain, hey can I last in this?
Ay five years I'll probably laugh at this
Try not to let it wear me out like a bad bitch with fashion sense
I keep it fresh while these whack niggas rehash and shit
Jackin styles you know, ski mask and shit
I pass these niggas, they trynna do it how these other niggas did it
I'm trynna live it how no other niggas ever lived it!

[Repeat Chorus:]

I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
Dead fucking presidents to represent me!
The warm up!
Yea, yea yea yea yea yea! the warm up! yea yea yea yea the warm up hey!
Fayattenaaaam! nigga yea!, Carolina all day!
Yea!


[Verse 1:]
I woke up early in the mornin' hoes blowin up my phone
Ain't use to small talkin' when they know I'm Tryna bone, Fuck em'
I'll holla later man, right now my mind else where
My moms health care get her out this hell here 
Alot of niggas fail, but frail niggas won't prevail here
We seen it all man niggas can't even spell scared 
A fresh prince but yo my city ain't no Bel-Air
Fuck if you would sell, I'm worried bout my welfare
So farewell to them broke days and bonjour to the most paid
Soon as my dough straight I throw the wifey in some dolce
and put some chains on my niggas like own slaves
I get up look out the window hope the sun shining down on a nigga outhere front lining
I hit the streets and see them boys out here locking up some older head
So god damn homey hold ya head (And hold ya head)

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way

[Verse 2:]
Paint a picture and show the deaf what it's like to listen
And speak the words and tell a blind man what he missin'
For all my niggas doin' time man up in prison 
Thought you had to resort to crime man fuck the system
We raisin' babies up in hades where it ain't' no hope
Ain't no fathers don't take no scholarship to slang no dope
Politicians hollerin' bout' problems but I ain't gon' vote
He talk bout change still we floatin' in the same ol' boat
So tell me how I'm suppose to feel when the president spoke
When he ain't neva had to struggle ain't neva been broke
Ain't even roll through the ghetto ain't neva been close
Trustin' this government like trustin' the devil in oath
A rebel with quotes
I get up
Life style of the young black and reckless
A generation of niggas strapped and askin' questions
Like tell me why ain't got shit
I let this liquor fill my liver with them toxic
As I sip

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way

[Verse 3:]
Yeah
To all my niggas paper chasin'
I pray for your patience
Just keep the faith that you gon' make it one day you'll be cakin'
Takin' this shit one step at a time
That real shit is stuck in my mind but to that bullshit I'm deaf and I'm blind
Destined to shine I'm a find a way
Cause hey
Dammit them jobs outthere ain't tryna pay
I pray
Granted 9 to 5 is how you survive
I ain't tryna survive, I'm tryna throw my momma in rides
I'm a provide for my seed I'm the soil
I teach em' bout' loyalty
I teach em' that his skin black like oil that's for royalty
I show em' all the things that my pops was neva showin' me
Treat em' like a growin' tree with this poetry
I get up
And show the sons how to lead not to follow
The present is our gift but our seeds got tommorow
So please niggas raise your kids
And help em' overcome that bull shit they daze us with
I blaze the shit

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way


[Verse 1:]
Yea, like I said man, you niggas need to be out there and smoking something man
You know what I'm saying?
Yea, it's Cole, won't lie, won't stop to the race is won
Niggas who be rapping how real they are, usually turn out to be the fakest ones
Carolina where I made it from
Cold world no blanket son
Girls fast how Jamaican run
Puffin on the city where the Lakers from, L-A, L-A, la la
So high everything is a ha ha from me
Dreamin of the days of a Drop 500 and a bad bitch that will go to Popeyes for me
You can never tell me that I'm not hungry, if you ever felt what's inside my tummy
My mom wanting out, is my time running out?
Is the Lord up top with a stop watch for me?
Hope not... hope not... hope nothope not
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
I'm just trynna make it my nigga

[Verse 2:]
Yea yea
A wise nigga told me don't chase that cash
Follow your heart you'll make that fast
Does a stripper love to shake that ass or does she wise to erase that past?
Got a nigga in her face just gassed like, baby girl why you take this path?
Stack in his hand trynna make that last, all she thinking bout is how to take his last
Rub tities in his face and laugh, gotta try not to look fake in fact
Alittle more money like a few more 20s and you let that nigga grab your naked ass?
Okay hes gone now
Roll her eyes when he whispers in her ear,
This ain't the life for you baby let me take you out of here cause.
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
She like, Nigga yea right, do you know how much mutha fucking money I'm making?

[Verse 3:]
Yea my nigga sit back blow in the air
Only getting high cause we close to the hell
Nigga trynna like like Hova oh-well, we broke and that doe coming slow as a snail
Hustle hard til there no inhale
Hit the block like a postman with mail
My brother got knocked now the hold him in cells
My mom broke but she posted the bail
Someway, some how niggas feelin like the sun down even when the sun up!
Hear the sound out the window of the gun bust
And you wonder why niggas keep the gun tucked
But, this how niggas was brung up
A mother just trynna raise her sun up
Til a stray bullet got his lungs struck
And the Governor could'ntgive one fuck
While she sangin
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
Damn, told you niggas cold world no blanket
Tough Luck, yea


Yeah! Uh!
Yeah, you gotta look,
You gotta follow me, what I'm doin' rite here mayne
Like when I say this shit is crazy,
I don't mean it's crazy like crazy
I just mean crazy like it's fuckin', it's actually crazy,
Nah'mean
Yeah!

Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have
And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have
See, in my mind, it's like I'm perfect for her, I gotta show her
But sadly, in reality, dog, I don't even know her
But still somehow she got my mind infatuated
Absolutely fascinated with the thoughts of what she might be like
Time after time after time I had to wait, is-
Is fate procrastinating?
I can take it 'cause I might be right, 'cause it's

This is the girl of my dreams, yeah
Ay, is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Uh, ay should I try and get some help?
Yeah, this is the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay, should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah
Oh shit, she passed me on the boulevard
Ay, tell me is it stalking if I follow her
Like all the way home without her knowing
Nah, nigga, I'm just curious where she stay at
Besides when I'm with her, this gon' be the spot we lay at
And maybe I'll just drive by occassionally
And if one day I happen to see her outside, she wave to me,
Imagine what she'll say to me
This ain't no time to be afraid no more
It's time for bravery
No matter if my homies think I'm crazy

This the girl of my dreams
Hey, ay is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Uh, ay should I try and get some help?
Yeah, this is the girl of my dreams
Ay, is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay, should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah, look
I spot her walking in the mall, okay, it's time to grow some balls
If she really gon' be yours, oh my god, I'm walking towards her
My mind screaming stop, but my legs keep walking forward
Straighten up your face, nigga, she see you coming for her
My heartbeat racing, and my hands keep shaking
Say something, you shy motherfucker, she's waiting,
"Wassup girl, don't mean to interrupt
But in the city I done met a lot of women
But you from my dreams, ay will you come true?
I know about a show that we can catch,
Some R&B and rap, ay you should come thru"
She said, "uh, I love too, except I don't like rap
Besides, if I went with you, then I don't really think my man would like that"
Damn! Man,
Okay, you say you got a man,
I mean, I definitely understand, I'm happy for you, really am,
I couldn't have been the only fan in the world Of a girl like you
I mean, you're beautiful, and I'm sure he's a very nice dude
It ain't no biggie, well I'm sure that I'm gon' see you around the city
Only thing I ask if shit don't work out for y'all, don't forget me
And don't act like a stranger when you see me on the scene
I came up with a world-class scheme to get

The girl of my dreams
Uh, ay is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Or should I try and get some help?
This is the girl of my dreams
Ay is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah
So I find out the nigga name, know exactly where he stayin'
Find out when he leave for work, hold up nigga, is you sane?
I'm a follow in my car; I'm a cut in front of his
Run him right into the wall, maybe even off the bridge
I give her a little time, then console her while she crying
She gon' take that as a sign; finally she will be mine
I'll be king, and she'll be queen when I hit her with ring
At the wedding, who gon' sing?

This the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay should I try and get some help?
Ay, this is the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Think I should I try and get some help?

Haha
Yeah
Aye!


Yep
Da dump dump
This is the....warm up

Ok I roll up, hold up, look at how I showed up
I blowed up had a hole up in my pocket now its sowed up
They feenin for that crack, you know that rock, I got that product
You niggas tryna stop it betta load up
I hang my coat up
Ah I'm goin be here for a while so I smile hatas
I'm on that green like a flower like a alligator
Now or laters, I'm serving niggas Imma sound waiter
Just tell me what you want, I bring that back an hour later
Look how how I cater, dog what you fraid of, nothing
They talking gangsta, without no data, they frontin
Jackie chan, jean claude van dam straight stuntin, I wish a nigga would say something
Imma carolina nigga boy I got it on my back
Piggyback style I aint talkin bout no tat
And Imma rep the ville in every city that im at
And I guareente I'm bring home plaques
Shout out to my brother zach
And my mother
I love you
Yea, look,
Aint that about a bitch this nigga on his own his dick
They say I'm like the human body I produce my own shit
And I toot my own horn, a star when I was born
My name aint james, my word is bond
Yeah
Shout out to cannibus had a similar line ninety-eight ninety-nine
Damn them was the times
Nevermind dwelling in the past, your listening to the future
Them flows get tighter, them hoes get looser
Then they wanna suduce you like medusa be cool
I said "I got a girl", she told me "me too"
So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood (shit)
Baby dont be foolish, but call her I'll watch her do it
You know

And this is only the warm up


Hey, hey, yea, yea
Got a dolla and a dream
Yea
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Yea
I got a dolla and a dream, hey

Ay, I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Niggas hatin' but I love them even though they trynna scheme
But I'm past that, a niggas stock is raising like the NASDAQ
They same I'm the future but yet I'm giving niggas flashbacks
Of better days, when you ain't have to settle for whatever played
I represent the struggle nigga I say what they never say
Whenever they, spit that bullshit they spittin
This that pool pit I'm hittin niggas with the gospel
Hostile with them hoes, I got a dolla in my pocket, plus a dream
Yea you laughing my nigga but everything ain't what it seems
What it means to know your momma or your father on that pipe
On that hard white, I'll tell you what them scares like
I'm speaking through these bars like a nigga in the jail
Tired of sifting through my mails I feel like Cartwright, bills
For real, a nigga I'll
Just let me do the talking men I know how niggas feel

I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems

I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Every lady ain't no hoe, and every bitch ain't no queen
Every nigga ain't no dog, and every nigga ain't no king
Shit be happening for a reason, everything is everything
Every nigga can't dunk, so white man can jump
They shooting niggas fo' they even tell em put their hands up!
Crooked cops, got a nigga scared to drive probably thinking
That I'm slanging man I see it in their eyes
But inside of my pocket is a dolla plus a dream
Yea you swear your girl is faithful everything ain't what it seems
See I seen how she glance and look away like she want it
I ain't saying I'm a fuck her but I could if I wanted
Know it hurts that she flirts with a nigga this is worst
I bet if I was to hit men, I wouldn't be the first
This is church, this is gospel
Spit it like I get from the Bible, for your survival


I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems

Check it
Ay Salle, I know I ain't been answering your calls, but shit, let me explain-
It's because times been hard, been runnin around trynna find a job
I hear my phone ringing in the morning, 9 o'clock
And it's you, can't even front I press ignore
I still got cha letters laying in my dresser draw
You telling me about all the things you did for me
When I was broke, you sent me doe and that was big for me
See you was there every year when I needed you,
And you were so quick to give I had to be with you
Remember when I used to call you on your phone line
I knew it was official when my momma cosigned
But in no time, a nigga graduated
I hit the real world, baby girl I'm sad to say it
But I was using you, you gave a nigga major stacks
And I know one day in my heart that I'm gonna pay you back"
I got a dolla and a dream


I feel like we should just you know keep the world in suspense no longer 
And you know just put J. Cole on the spot
Yea, anyway can turn me up?
Yea, yea, yea
Hey, yea, there's no way to turn me up?
If not it's all good
Yea, hey hey hey
I bet they never seen him coming, like a blind bitch you fucking from behind
It's the mother fucking dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons
My shit is jumping like the prom
Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady
On your mattress where they gave me that
I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back
While they relax, I stay in tip top shape
And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks
Flip, flops
Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks
Game tight like Ziploc
Hlaf black other half white like Kid Rock
Try to tell it to a Cizz-op
Thought it would work, it did not
He told me "Nigga stizz-op
You know you is not", wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked
Fuck, this is for hip hop gassed up like a quick stop
They light a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot,
Even if you squatted under volcanoes niggas your shit not
I'm raw but I kid not
Your shit flop, I give props to the legends
Praise God but I give not to the Reveren's
Looking up to the heavens like,
"Where did all my blessings go?"
You chasing dreams but then you stop, guess you'll never know
I got a show for you to watch heres an episode
Professional, set to blow any minute now
Many women smile, look the lights and the action
And the cameras be calling
You niggas got to log in, bitch you fantasy balling
I snuck up like I planned to be
This ain't randomly recorded
Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that twitter shit
Thought I get a deal then head straight to the dealership
But looking at my deal
I probably can't afford benifitis
Medical, dental shit
Left but I always came back like a rent a whip
Dirty ass game, dog I can run a kennel with
All these bitch niggas who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with
Me I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em'
Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on them
Start talking that beef shit, I turn the Kimbo on em'
I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em'
Yea! And I'll still keep going, keep flowing


[Intro:]
Yeah yeah yeah
Elite Elite Elite... Elite
Ya know

[Verse 1]
Yeah, yeah
Slim nigga, lyrically on my limbs
Bigga then a nigga hittin' the gym
Regular benchpressin' the bar,
Ten steps up from ya'll, you could follow my lead,
If you shoot for the stars, I guess you aimin' at me
But please hold your applause
Ya'll holdin' up the wall goddammit I'm on the flo'
Good Lord, can't you see me gettin' down on a ho
And she drop it so low she sittin down on the flo'
I never pound with the flo, at times I wonder
Aye when they listen to my shit man can they hear my hunger?
Or will these hatin' ass rappers try to steal my thunder
Aye this is big shit poppin', you gon' need a plunger
To take me under, niggas in trouble
You lookin' at Lebron James of the game
I could do anything that you name
I could blaze any rapper in the game that you bring
Pour gasoline on the brain, got the flame for that
So you hatin' niggas refrain from that
A little bitter cause yo game is whack
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah

[Chorus]
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey

[Verse 2]
A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got
So, if it's 'bout that C.R.E.A.M, then I'm all up in the spot
I'm just warmin' up, I'm hot but naw I ain't flashin'
I never gave a fuck about no high-end fashion
And maybe I was too broke, maybe I'm just too dope
To rap about that regular shit, or bag a regular bitch
These niggas talkin' like they on the next level and shit
But Cole's flow so cold, Bet the devil get sick
How do you want it? So sick I make you mentally vomit
These rappers askin' for beats and they ain't even fit to be on it
I see 'em writin' about rappers, I should be sick to my stomach
Because they talk 'bout the future but didn't mention me on it
So now I'm back in the kitchen, cookin' I'm meant to be one of the greatest
No niggas seein' me, this century us and you hate it
Look how I played it, other niggas was jaded
Under-appreciated, now Carolina is rated
I let Elite breathe, yeah
Hey, uh uh uh
I let Elite breathe, yeah

[Chorus]
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey


LA, NC, NY, the Chi

Yea - hey
Yea

I wake up, hop out the shower
Spray cologne on while I'm dressin
They hollin bout recessions, so my niggas out here stressin
But bitch I'm live and breathin, so to me that there's a blessin
See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in
Steppin out today, I gotta leave the crib 
Mama stressin out, I pray
That ain't nobody gone put a weapon out this way
Cause I don't got no strap
And ever since we hit Depression niggas don't know how to act
In fact, there go some niggas there
Hatin I feel the stare
Me vs. you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware
Let ya'll feel the glare I gotta go now
I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down
Shawty hollin, so I pull up beside her
I'm frontin what's your name?
She told me boy you know me, don't play no games
Now look they say you blowin up, hey is it true fired up?
I say girl they wasn't kiddin like they tubes tied up

I'm hollin hey
Good god what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay
And tell me whats work without play

All my niggas hollin hey
Good god what a day
Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away
Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world
Its just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holla 

Okay so word been spreadin,that I done jetted to New York
I was up there doin my thang
So now some folks I used to know is hollin out J. Cole!
I gotta chuckle cause I know they use to say Jermaine
So who changed?
What's in a name though, when niggas can't hang on your shoe strings
The flow insane plus I got that flame throw, that Lou Cain
Even in the winter, we bring, feelings of summer, Suzanne
We get them hooks like T-Pain and scoop them hoes like loose change
Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville
These wanksta ass niggas gettin played out forreal
You actin like you trill nigga you betta not
You talkin out yo' ass you finna get your head rocked
This is where they shoot em sideways
Boys gettin blazed
Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away
Now come here ladies, see we tryna get ya'll loose, pour it up
Take this juice we gone mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up

I'm hollin hey
Good god what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay
And tell me whats work without play

All my niggas hollin hey
Good god what a day
Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away
Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world
Its just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holla 

Yea - hey - yea


Yea, we fresh off-mutherfuckin South Beach
Yea, huh,
Sometimes play the villan, sometimes play the hero
Sometimes I be dealer sometimes I be primo
Sometimes I be feeling, I got a big ego
Other times a nigga swim a round like Nemo
Uh, small fish in a big ass pond pushed around like a mower on a big ass lawn
I get my weight up, 
Inflat up and make these old niggas open the gate up at the mansions that they laid up in
Like, "Hello my name is Cole" I'm walking right up in and well known
Don't give a fuck it you gon hate it man, hey fellow
Either you follow me or swallow me bitch
And I done hit to many hoes to ever pause that shit
Now since I just seen my face up in the XXL
A few chicks want to text let's chill-how obvious
Girls from all over the world is my hobby and I got a chic who stay in DC like a lobbyist
My old chick from Rawley that I still like to parley with
Just to hear that accent, now come and get that back bent
The moans turn to screams I can feel her climaxing
Now if you faking that baby you need to try acting
Hollywood shit, 
Had a nigga feeling like the milkman deliver that due to body good dick
Feeling like I got game that Karate could'ntkick,
Therefore I'm bagging things that you probably wouldn't get, what up!
I'm a talk until you tell me shut up
Huh, and we can walk the beach until the sun up
Huh, I ain't gon lie I'm trynna get some cut up!
Ay, so what up! Hey
You heard that huh?
Oh you ain't heard of me well I prefer that!
Uh, I text my number to you did you get that?
Huh, well when you lonely baby you can hit back
And I I'll fix that
Tell me is you with that, hey, ay tell me is you with that
Ay tell em is you with that
Yea, ay baby is you with that! Yea


[Verse 1:]
Yea, ay, look
When she talk she so closed minded all she want to do is shop she so clothes minded
Wanna cop the latest before them other hoes find it
Material girl yet somehow I don't mind it
Probably cause she so fine it will blow your mind she black and Pocahontas
Laid back and blow that grind
Ass so fat wanna tat my logo on it so any other nigga that a tap, will know it's mine
I put in work overtime, let me cut mow the lawn
Guarantee I blow your mind
She try to play me til she learned I wrote a rhyme
That's that nigga from the Ville that I heard that Hova signed
The rap form Lebron, "Oh girl that boy the bomb!
No chain around his neck but better watch out for the charm
Your not my daughter um, but you can be my baby
Summertime, wintertime, anytime we looking for them ladies

[Chorus:]
Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave!
Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves
Yea now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood

[Verse 2:]
Yea, she said I got a man
Well baby I don't give a fuck
See me I understand, and I ain't trynna spilt you up!
Okay give me your number
And later I'm a hit you up
If you sleep I get you up
Ride over and pick you up
If it's clean I'll lick you up!
Yea do you research
I'll rock that ass to sleep and have you sleeping in my tee shirt
Just came home from getting my South Beach on
You know I ran the streets like a dog without a leash on
She tryna get her freak on come up on his ski jet
You scared of that water of you just scared to get your weave wet
Barely got your feet wet
Guess I know where we headed
Tryna see throw it back let's check your reflexes
Good Lord, didn't know what I was in for!
You can be my cuddy buddy - baby what are friends for
I spend up the tempo them other niggas lazy
Can't fuck with nothing younger than the 80s I'm grown and I'm looking for some Ladies

[Chorus:]
Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave!
Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves
Ay now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood
(Ladies, beautiful Ladies, ohh Ladies, all of you ladies)


Uh, yea let me warm up man, let me warm up man!
I got to warm up man!
Yea, Elite what up! Yea Warm Up
Yea, look niggas wanna know the formula for success, sheeitt, but I studied for this test
Ay nigga I'm better than the rest you just rest boy please
Me I'm trynna stretch my treasurer chest like some double D breast
So a nigga on a quest no question, so I tell em birds no nesting
Laying in my bed I hope to lay a niggas egg, No- you'll never hatch mines
Baby, you don't match mines
I'm trynna shine like the bat sign when it's crime and the gats flyin up in Gotham
Watch em
Far from a thug but I'll drop one
Far from a scrub but I'll mop them
Watch em better leave em alone like Stockton when he retired
Shit your shit is fire boy stop
I don't buy, boy caught, stop laying
Ya shit is not hot man if niggas not buying
It's not rocket science
But the way I rock it help me build up my alliance
These niggas ain't playing in New York like the Giants-ha!
A little line to show love to the city that got no love
Don't want to see a nigga grow rather see a nigga hold-up
That's cold blooded, well never to fail
If you can make it here you can make if from heaven to hell
I'm just a little nigga strait out the Ville
Always been sick probably never get well
And no time soon, step to a nigga get 4 times 2
Bet the way I spit it leave your mind blue with more rhymes due
Nigga you tryning who?
Sheeit, nigga you tryning me bitch I'm better than all them niggas you trynna be
Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch I'm better than all them niggas you trynna be
Look, it's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
Bitch there's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
It's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
Bitch it's no time to chill nigga! Yep


Yea, keep following me keep calling me
Yea, yea, yea
Ay, believe in God like the sun up in the sky!
Science can tell us how how but they can't tell us why
I seen a baby cry then seconds later she laughed, the beauty of life-
The pain never lasts
The rain always past, the sun don't always shine
When it's gone I'm lonely, but when it's there I'm fine
I hate the winter time because the nights come quicker
The light make them whites think I'm a nice young nigga
But at night they think twice and walk a little faster
It's funny, 100 yrs ago I would of called Id a call this nigga masta
How the tables turn but still the fire burning huh
I feel the heat the world is a dryer turning, turning
I'm looking for some higher learning, learning
Girl you what I desire, yearning, yearning
You cay I'm easily distracted I think the problem is I'm easily attracted by the darkside
The temptation got me questioning where my heart lies
I'm trynna separate myself like apartheid
But ay the liquor keep swallowing I swear I walk with God but the devil keep following
I say the devil keep following, following
I say the devil keep following, following
I say the devil keep following, following
Omen
Feel like I'm riding on a chartered plane of broken hearted pain
Turbulence is constant my pilot has gone insane
If I can find a parachute to parasail, maybe these parasites of paranoia won't prevail
Character dope as hell, but where is my parallel sweetheart?
Deep thoughts lost in my brain so I sleep hard-
Nights with no progress
Man I'm thinking like I'll probably find a Locness in the projects before I find this-
Object of my love, this object of my heart
Couture strings have strum in search of my counterpart
Bound to start drinking or smoking, sinking this ocean
Leaping through the badness hoping I'm reaching for closeness
Feel like the devil keep following me
Feel like the devil keep following me


[Talking]
[Verse 1]
If my heart stop pumping tomorrow don't feel no sorrow
'Cause life is hard mentally
And everything is meant to be
Sometimes I ask myself if I was gone who would remember me?
It's hard to tell
Oh well, sit back and sip this Hennessey
Now lately it's been hard to tell my friends part from my enemies
'Cause plenty niggas show me love but in their hearts they envy me
Why?
I'm just a nigga from around the way
Told my mama I'd make it happen and I found a way
Pour out some liquor for my niggas at the crossroads
And may the Lord give guidance to the lost souls
I know that deep inside these niggas know there's more to life
Than macking hoes and stacking dough
Man I'm sorta like a nigga who done seen greener grass
So when they think they balling like the dream team
My nigga I done seen meaner cash
And I'm trying to get
Follow me nigga I'm on the prowl
Headed to the top
You watching me nigga?
Then hold it down

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
So hold me down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold it down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down)

[Verse 2]
You was my nigga from the younger days
We grew up
I went to school, you went the other way
But still my brother man
I'm sitting reminiscing on
All of them bitches we was tripping over, kissing on
Or at the skating rink
We trying to bag some new hoes
And if I needed gear you'd let me hold your new clothes
And vice-a-versa man
But now that life is worser man
A nigga slow caking
I'm broke trying to chase a dream
You just got probation
And I'm stressed
Your little sister pregnant
What's next?
Oh shit, my mama doing drugs
At times it's hard to feel blessed
In this madness
I holla at my nigga in the sadness
Remember when your mama tried to beat you with that bat?
Shit, remember your chick Nina?
Man that ass was the fattest
Remember my crush on Sabrina?
Yo she's still the baddest
I'm just glad that I can holla at you
It's been a while
Until the next time I hear from you
Aye, hold it down

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
So hold it down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold me down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down)

[Verse 3]
These is tough times baby
But we'll make it through
You know I'm headed for the top
I swear I'm taking you
Just hold a nigga down through this bad weather
The rain falling
Ain't balling but I have better
A woman with an ass and a strong mind
It's been a long time
Sometimes you on your bullshit
Sometime I'm on mine
Will I have a hard time to stay committed?
Or do I only want your voice moaning when I hit it?
Man only God knows
I know deep in your heart you don't want me to be no star though
There's groupies after every show
You scared I'm fucking every hoe
And girl I ain't 'gon lie and say I won't
'Cause shit you never know
But may the Lord give me strength
I love you more than anything
The future mother of my kids
The love is real
And if we ever part, God forbid
I love you still
So when I'm on the road don't trip
You know I'm down for you
Keep it tight and don't slip
And hold it down for me

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
And hold me down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold me down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down) [x3]


[Intro:]
Yea, warm up!
La-la-la-laaaa, la lala la lalaaaa

[Verse 1:]
Yea, ay yea Fayettenam
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey
Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses
To the sky is, yea this is the last call for alcohol
This is the Warm Up
Yea, look now to the few niggas out there who heard my last shit
Which if I must say so myself that was a classic
I never been the type to ride my own coat tail
But it's obvious I'm here to stay, a fucking hotel
I came up, I warmed up!
The next up, I blow up!
If you ain't peep the trend by now with each rap I go up
Look all he wanted was a deal so when he got it he just faded
But tell me what's a deal when you want to be the greatest?
So Jay I appreciate it, hell of a stepping stone
Wonder if he see it in my eyes I'm trying to get the throne
Wonder if the people know how many nights I spent alone
Making beats writing rhymes, thinking deep fighting time
I'm getting better but wasn't getting younger
And all that time can make the most confident nigga wonder
But never doubt it or allowed that shit to phase me yo
Just switch my thoughts up like the stations on the radio nigga now I am

[Chorus:]
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey
Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm up!
So get cha back up off the wall

[Verse 2:]
Yea, now may I never slip up or let my grip up
I know my girl be praying Lord just keep his pants zipped up! -
Now if some groupie bitch is on his dick then make it's stiff up,
at least give the nigga commonsense to wrap his dick up
Toast the spliff up, our glasses then sip up,
We fly past they look up
They don't last we give up
They don't blast we clip up then empty
And indeed we hit the target yea these niggas think they the shit and they ain't even farted yet
Style incomplete like a garbage ass quarterback
My office is forreal ah fuck sack, niggas getting coffin in the Ville
Way too often and it feels wrong
New York Niggas fuck with me I got em singing Ville songs
I guess it's only right cause we grew up singing they shit
Big shit, Mase shit, Nas shit, Jay shit
Times for a Carolina nigga to take his place with the greats
A slim nigga making bold statement
Ay J. Cole how you do that there? I hear you blowing up my nigga
I'm like, true that yea,
In NY but smile everytime I flew back there
That Carolina, Fayettenam oh yea my crew back there
I go home been so long they saying, you back here? -
Took a turn for the worst boy don't move back here
Don't do that! You who that?
He rep the Ville when he spit it told you he be back with a record deal and he did it
Nigga, fuck spinning on my pivot homie, I'm finna travel to the reps blow the whistle on me
I got a whole fuckig city that's just sitting on me
But yea it fits on my back, my state is sitting on that
Will I drop? I think not I get up while they stop-like a sleeve on tank tops
They ain't give it all they got so they flop
So hey watch, how I'm finna take their spot
Now I'm starring and they not-let me show you how to stay hot
I play not man I'm killing em even your idols feeling em dog
The same nigga who used to chill in the mall
While they were still in the mall, I was up there spilling my rap
The hero fighting them just to put the Ville on the map
Now I am
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, Mr. Fayettenam hey
Hey and raise your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky and...
This is the last call for alcohol

[Talking:]


Yea huh
Yea one, two, one, two, one, two
One, two, one two uh-huh
Yea, uh
Yea uh

Miss high profile caught you shopping on Canal
I guess it makes sense, it seems phony as your style
Your hair and your nails just as phony as your smile
Fake eyelashes, you drew your eyebrows
It make a brother ask, do you pride yourself?
Your make up like a mask, tryna hide yourself
It seems on the outside you thinking you the shit
But there's a soul that's inside that you don't even knew exist
So you so out of touch that the world mistreat you,
Rich niggas fuck you and broke niggas beat you
Hoping this will reach you when you understand
That your value ain't determined by another man
Cause right now you let them brothers get the upper hand
And you just tell them go deep like Cunningham
And you just let them OD like Len Bias
And that pussy so good he let his friends try it

Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance,
Girl you losing your balance uh, yea
Don't slip don't fall,
Just a get a grip my nigga hold on
Don't lose your balance,
Don't lose your balance

I look around at my city this is SinVille
That boy 11 years old and can inhale
Sometimes I ride around wondering if we in hell
Or why the cops love to throw a nigga in jail
I'm bout to lose it I just had another friend killed
Over some bullshit this cycle's like a windmill
I had a convo with my soul I asked it "When will, this shit change? "
It said boy "Just use them pen skills"-
And so I write this for my niggas on the corner
Love you cause you my brother so I feel I got to warn ya
This shit ain't set up for a young brother to advance
On that note, you niggas playing right into their hands
Damn, better get yourself some goals, you niggas better dream
I know the hood raised you but there's bigger better things
And for those that passed I need a moment of silence
Sssssshhhhh

Yea and don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance,
Don't be losing your balance,
My nigga don't be losing your balance,
Uh yea so don't slip, don't fall
Just a get a grip my nigga hold on
Don't lose your balance, uh
Don't lose your balance

I got a thing for this little mama
She do it to me plus her brain is forreal I'm a... sucka for love I guess
Won't catch her up in the club cause she ain't into that
Kind of chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate
Say she never fuck with thug niggas only gentlemen
And yea that ass is fat but what's better is her intellect
Other men ah sweat her when we walk past
Can't even blame em' I did the same when I saw that ass
Matched with the thin waist, brown with a slim face
Love the conversation and the kicks was like a sensei
Now she got me chillin' with her all around the clock
My homiess beefin' cause I never come around a lot
Keep on telling me I changed and things ain't the same
And ever since she came around I never want to hang
They tell me that it's foul how a chick will make me switch
But man I can't help it dog her mind got me whipped

I think I'm losing my balance
I think I'm losing my balance yea
She got me losing my balance, uh
She got me losing my balance,
But I won't slip I won't fall,
Just a get a grip and hold on
Losing my balance,
Losing my balance


Yeah,
Hey,
Yeah,

Partially functional, half of me is comfortable
The other half is close to the cliff like Mrs Huckstable
These boys got them hoslters and clips they packed like lunchables
Like white boys in grade school
While we ate school made food just
Eyeing they shit, wish I was trying they shit
Knowing when mama hit the store she wasn't buying that shit
No I ain't crying a bit man
That's just life that's just how shit work
You reach your hand in fire, you pull it back when you get burnt
Gotta learn when you get hurt
Even if it's with cupid
He beat you and you went back
Who's officially stupid
Oh yeah I understand that's your man,
You had a plan
You been together for some years
You sticking with him for the kids
So you overlook the tears but we both know that's a bad look
Cause 20 years from now your daughter probably get her ass whooped
If this too deep for the intro I'll find another use
But just in case it's perfect let me introduce
Cole, cole, cole

If this too deep for the intro I'll find another use
But just in case it's perfect let me introduce
It's Cole, I had a dream and so I made a move
A Ill ass nigga who just so happened to stay in school
Still rap for hustlers and motherfuckers that hated school
Said that's for busters that heard my shit and I made it cool
This ain't to say that I'm gifted as if I'm Christmas shopping
I got gangsta niggas lining up in that missions office
And possibly cause all the hoe niggas scrape
A lot of shit up on my plate so you know a nigga late to my first class
I'd much rather sit up in first class
Should I admit that a slutty bitch was my first smash
Was it experience so nah I didn't wear it out
Always thought my first time would be with someone I cared about
But being a virgin was something to be embarrassed bout
I used her ass for practice so I wasn't scared out my mind
You call it rhymes I call it clearing out my mind
Was just a young boy staring out my blinds
Till I got free from my momma leash
Running loose through the streets
Like a stray dog in heat
And we looking for some freaks can you play
Pardon me, what's your name, don't mistake me for no lame
No not me
She knew I was on the team cause she seen how tall I be
In the club dappin' niggas, eventually R-I-P
Damn, you win some, you lose some
That just how it's happens
And if a nigga step up to ya, then you gotta scrap em
Your name is all you got, throwing hands by the bathroom
It's funny I barely told nobody I started rapping
Cause see some niggas was haters that I viewed as clowns
At 14 I knew I was the nicest dude around
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now
If they don't know your dreams, than they can't shoot em down


[Verse 1: J. Cole]
I hit the weed I told myself the last time would be my last
I don't trust my own niggas now my mind racing fast
Got my foot up on the gas, got a hundred on the dash
If the police run up on me I ain't stopping for their ass
Boy you know my L's dirty if they stop me I'm goin to jail surely
I'll be next to my brother in the cell no bail for me
Man let me out send me back to bitches that smell Purdy (pretty)
And all I gotta do is call once and she'll be all ready
Yeah buddy can't you tell I'm goin thru hell
I don't even open my mail
I'm in the shower with soap on the towel
I need cleansing
Bad bitches all on the prowl they need Benzes
Pussy niggas running they mouth but we ain't flinching
They names ain't even mentioned
I got dreams bigger then your whole team
You niggas so broke but yet somehow you seem so green
I guess it's envy, started with a penny now I'm getting plenty money

[Hook:]
One time for the city, yea
Two times for you
Hey
And one time for the city, hey
Two times for you
Hey

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Look kid, it's raining outside boy
Fuck an umbrella, niggas banging outside boy
They guns dumb bell a nigga
Tired of telling niggas that's a cease rest in peace
We tired of only having just a peace
And fuck policing, they killing niggas what's the reason
His daughter starving and she fucking freezing
So no wonder why he fucking squeezing
They out here bussin' leavin' niggas stuck in bleedin' on the flo'
Bullets wet you like a semen on a hoe
Breathing slow man I inhale
One day you tryna make rent, next day you in jail
Lord knows he meant well
So I take the pencil and write like a pen pal
Some shit that's darker than the tints up on the windshield
Welcome to sinville where niggas on base
Shit is looking like an infield
High as a Sprint bill
What you think, that's the reason why this ink in my pen kills
Phoney niggas until they are extinct, bitch I've been real

[Hook:]
One time for the city, yea
Two times for you
Hey
And one time for the city, hey
Two times for you
Hey

[Verse 3:]
The more niggas sayin'
Cole the wrong one bringin' the city shine
All he ever doin' is paintin' pictures of crime
Tellin' stories of pain, paintin' pictures of dope
Bitch if you listen I'm paintin' pictures of hope
That boy in class embarrassed because he broke
Hopin' the day he won't be the butt of somebody's jokes
See me; I lived it all from dirt-poorin' and trailer
Worried about my mother and never trustin' my neighbors
To middle-class with a backyard and my own room
To bein' the only black kid in my homeroom
Academically gifted and followed my own rules
Was runnin' the streets hey ma I'll be home soon
Was out chasin' ho's, was out hoopin'
Them niggas wasn't ballin' but yet they was foul shootin'
So meet the newest role model who don't know how to fake this shit
Never sold a rock and look I made it bitch

[Hook:]
One time for the city, yea
Two times for you
Hey
And one time for the city, hey
And two times for you
Hey

[Outro:]
Girl it's been so long, I've been gone from you
But you ain't gotta worry 'bout the thangs I do
It's hard but the thought of you would ease my pain
Girl I promise they gon' know our name
Ain't seen you smile in awhile
But I been dreamin' 'bout you


"Yeah, nigga
I'mma go ahead and murder this shit
Voice gone and shit, I think it's gon' make it sound a lil--a lil ill...
A lil' iller
Yeah, fayettenam... nigga"

Yeah, Carolina blue kicks, pedal to the metal
Feeling like a puppet and the Devil is Geppetto
Letter to the ghetto, hold your head high
You can pick apart my raps, I ain't told ya na' lie
My world a little darker, like a fuckin' tan line
Go on, look for a better nigga: girl you can't find
Fine young man with an old man mind
No time for the chick who fucked the whole mankind
Aw, no ma'am, I'm an old land mine
I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time
Now I'm armed and I'm Fayetnam's finest
Carolina's savior, marijuana blazer
Only on occasion cause my mind be racin'
Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian
Thinking how these rap niggas gotta be fakin'
Whole style obviously copied, pasted
Plagiarized swag, may arrive last
But when it's all said and done I'mma be ahead of them
Way that I describe it, prescribe a nigga medicine
What that I be fly I be higher than the Jet-a-sons
Moving on up, nigga higher than the Jeffersons
All about the Benjamins. Bad chicks? Send em in
Basic hoes? Toss em out, can't even get Waffle House
Hatin' niggas? Chalk em out. Go on, get the coffin out
What you talking about? Lil man
My shit here burning, you not even lil' tan
I'm ill enough to kill cancer: baby, I'm chemo
Down in Miami and I'm throwed like Marino
Get a whole lot of you-know and she bald like an Eagle
No, not on top but down there
She say she want to hop on top, "girl, I don't care"
You better get yours fore I reach mine
Cause then I'm throwing peace signs
If you a freak, I can take you to your peak
Girl, I do it to the maximum: Nissan
And I hope you a believer
I'm quarterbacking, trying to get you open like receivers
Far from an overnight achiever, Cole is like the leader
Of the new niggas, to tell the truth I'm only fucking with a few niggas
If that, the rest of you niggas get lapped, I sit back
And reflect on the rap game
I came from out of nowhere
Nigga, I swear them lames ain't know how to prepare
Got niggas shouting out "The 'Ville, I gotta go there"
Boy don't you know you get shot over there?
I say my prayers cause this life ain't fair
A bunch of backstabbing niggas, hope the knife ain't there
A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain't there
Yeah late at night, when I got the phone call and made a right
But my crib was straight ahead, shorty gave me head
Hit it then I quit it 'fore she even made the bed
Damn I'm no good, but damn it's so good
I'm picturing that body like a camera phone would
Something like Rihanna while I'm up in that vagina
Type of chick that only dress in something that's designer
I could give a fuck as long as there's something that's behind of her
Got the type of bump that make a dog wanna hump
Back to the topic, actually forgot it
Hoes, money, I'm the shit...oh yeah, I'm reminded
The way I put the words together, cleverly align em
These other rap niggas should never be a problem
And I'm ghost


[J. Cole - Chorus]
Hey, one time
Hey, one time
One time
Throw your hands to the sky tonight
'cause I think I see the baddest little thing in the world right now
But I gotta make sure I'm right
And girl you damn right, if your head right
I'll be there every night
I just might change your life
'cause baby...

You got it (you got it)
You got it (you got it)
You got it (you got it)
You got it (you got it)

[J. Cole - Verse 1]
Hey Cole World, real cold world
I watch it hit the floor and watch it drop it real low girl
Last time I seen you, you was a little old girl
I had a crush now we grown and we still so thorough
Clap for her, work it till you exhausted
I swear nothing worse than a bad bitch that lost it
Brains off the chain, smart mouth with a dumb ass
God damn your ex man is a dumb ass
When you was leaving, did he put up a fight?
Was he stressin' you, wasn't fucking you right
Well one man's trash is another man's treasure
One man's pain is another man's pleasure
One damn thing you can't change is the weather
But even if it rain, we get rained on together
It's whatever, you shine, I shine,
I know you got a 9-5 I'll be your 5-9!

[J. Cole - Chorus]

[J. Cole - Verse 2]
Yeah, go ahead and pop it like you do in the mirror
I'm picking through the crowd tryna see a little clearer
High heel wearer, hell of a body
First one to spot you and I ain't telling nobody
Nope, I'm peaking at your ass, winking at your ass
If I don't beg I'll be thinking bout your ass
For the whole week no time for cold feet
She too bad to pass, so fine I don't speak
I tell her my name Jermaine, I'm tryna be lowkey
She tell me I go that flame, your rhymes are so deep
Man, girl thank you, shit you so bad know your daddy wish he could still spank you
Hold up for these other niggas roll up and try and get you
The ones that say they riders but never do ride with you
I'm tryna vibe with you so wont you throw me your phone number
And let them lames get you old number

[J. Cole - Chorus]

[Wale]
Roc Nation, Wale
Look, Cole World, still a cold world
And a couple you is cool but we a little more thorough
Whole town, a little more girls
You know I spit that sick shit and there's still no cure
Hold up, loud packs like I got cancer
Choking on them white boys make a black panther
Love my women with high heels and high standards
And only cheat on my broad if I run out of answers
I got that vicious flow, Moncler winter coat
I ain't superstitious I make all these broads flip my pole
You dig it, this shit ain't for beginners
I'm something like a fetus, I'm not quite kidding
And theres something you ain't seeing like I block your vision
Like my Remy with no juice, you a lot like Bishop
Hundred k in 22 hours
See money talks, you motherfuckers is Boomhower
No check back, in debt yep
Loud in my J, I smoking Gallaudet
Higher than I need to be
Flyer 'cause I need to be
Love our conversation but it's late right now, I need a beat
One time for the Ville that Cole rep
Another time for the city of slow death
I don't understand why these niggas so vexed
I don't need no chains with no cross to know that I'm blessed

[Chorus]


Yeah

Hey,
To the college kids no scholarships, starting your semester
Unpacking your suitcases filling up your dresser
Enjoy it while you got it, after that it's God bless ya
Life is your professor, you know that bitch is gon test ya
I got some shit I'd like to get off my chest
I spill out my soul, I spit out my stress
And can I spit out my stress?
It's the feeling in the air you bout to drop a real classic
He said Cole, "a lil birdy told me on the low you got an Illmatic"
Nobody touching Nas nigga it's more like Villematic
Uh, these fayettnam tales be paying off well
What story is my audio theatre gon tell
I know my debut will ship, but is it gon sell?
I guess it's in God's hand's
I make the type of pieces that make Jesus say God damn
That's for your non-believers, I'm the truth only time will teach ya
And fuck the haters probably never love they momma's neither
Old bitter-ass sit around in middle class
Homes with computers on hating on the newest song
While you was browsing I was taking out them student loans
Tryna to do this shit better than the niggas we grew up on
Name a fucking song I ain't threw up on
Talk is cheap, it's like ya'll grew up in a Jewish home!
Pardon the stereotype
But ya'll giving me mixed feeling's like you married a white woman
One minute I'm over-rated, next minute I'm the saviour
You hate it before you played it, I already forgave ya
For bullshitttin' and the nigga Cole spittin' that real
Wrote this line on a plane got flown straight from the Ville
To Miami, where the same time last year
I was broker than you, I just wanna make that clear
Cause now I'm dealing with money I've never seen before
And RnB bitches want me, that was just dreams before
Now do I give in to the temptation I'm facin'
The thought of losing a good woman keep me from chasin'
But I'm just a man, at time's the timing is wrong
Plus my dick is like a man with a mind of it's own
But I'm trying to be strong, remind myself she ain't about shit
These hoes the same, all that change is the outfit
Looking for chesse on some mouse shit
Suck a nigga, fuck a nigga, than go run they mouth quick
Rappers took a vacation I came over the house sit
You want change, this that "between the seats in your couch" shit
The fuck you thought, I lost it
All that flame on my name would get exhausted
Au contraire my nigga they all ears
Sit back, enjoy the ride it's finna be a long year, yeah
It's finna be a long year, yeah

I know you feel that,
The tingle in your spine don't conceal that
Don't conceal that
This exactly what you thought
Somebody bought the real back
Hey


[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Yea, this is where the
Yea, this is where the fathers ain't living
At least not with us
Might see em round the city and won't even say wassup
When niggas play tough, won't even smile in mirrors
And we learn to fuck hoes off trial and error
Just a small time nigga, big city hustle
Glued to the TV, Jigga, Diddy, Russell
These were our heroes, strictly for them zero's
For that Robert Deniro, niggas reload on them kilo's
Dodgin them people,
Mad at myself cause I done seen some things that I'd rather not tell
Shawty smole crack and her boyfriend too
Sometimes he touch her daughter like them boyfriends do
Pull up to the club where the boys went too
See that yellow tape and the boys in blue
A nigga on a strecther and though I never met ya
I'm thinking God Bless ya, they city try and get ya
Man, don't let the city get ya
Fuck the horoscopes, know the ropes lke a wrestler
If them bullets wet ya bet ya momma need a tissue
Your face on the front of our shirts saying we miss ya
(We miss ya)

[Hook: J. Cole]
Come with me,
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Come with me,
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

[Verse 2: Omen]
Yea, let's see God
I know you only do what's best for me
But is it cool if we negotiate my destiny
They always tellin' me it's temporary
Than why it's feelling like a cemetary
My dreams ain't got no obituaries
My city hurting and none of us were equiped here
You heard me say I was ballin'
I probably make tears
I'm trying to get clear
I'm tryna quit fear
Who wrote the scripts here
These kids live there whole life just killing time
Running the race with no finish line
They tryna noose us with they ropes
But I'm tryna climb
I think my foolish pride might become my suicide
But I ain't tryna go, no baby
And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope
Cause I ain't dying
My words gon' last forever,
You can hold the treasure
Look inside you can see a diamond in my mind
I'm tired of seeing dope fiends, wiping they nose clean
Is my neighbourhood just a smoke screen
I think I'm in the Dungeon Fam, I see lo green
Sons raised by bo queens but there's no kings
(No kings, no kings)

[Hook: J. Cole]
Come with me,
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Come with me,
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
It seems like niggas either feel ya or they try and kill ya
I face the sky and hope to God ain't acting unfamiliar
You play whatever cards he deal no matter how peculiar
They tell me that it's God's will, I'm asking God will ya
Heal a nigga from all this pain, momma smoking cocaine as it rains out
Am I to blame, try to stay sane so I came out-side
Where they rock with them thangs out
To clear my mind at the same time they blew that boys brains out
But will it change, it's like niggas is free but our minds still in the chains
Brothers killing eachother, the blood spill it's a shame
Will it ever slow up
Alot of niggas getting older but they never grow up
And do they son's like they fathers did and never show up
Don't even cry about it, just another episode of life
Watch the season nigga no re-runs
The devil buying soul's nigga no refunds
Man, don't let the city get ya
Fuck the horoscopes know the ropes like a wrestler
If them bullets wet ya bet ya momma need a tissue
Your face on the front of our shirts screaming we miss ya
Another day, another song, a mother prays
Another gone
But still we play like ain't nothing wrong
Like ain't nothing wrong
Cause ain't nothing wrong
I'm not as fast, I'm not as tall
But before I pass
I gotta ball
I gotta ball
I gotta ball
Nigga I gotta ball


Laaa la la laaaa
La la laaaa

[Chorus: J. Cole]
Hey, this is a song for my haters,
Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah
Hey, this is a song for my haters,
Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Haa, bitch I'm about to blow up
Uh huh, say what
Bitch I'm about to blow up
Hey I came up, I warmed up the next up
Bitch I'm about to blow up

Now don't it sound legendary
Live enough to resurrect the dead and buried
This for niggas who ain't satisfied with secondary
This for my sisters who ain't satisfied with secretary
Uh, I'm blowing up and bitch I'm still me
But what's the cost to live your dreams, do you feel me?
Everything glittering ain't what you think it will be
Funny how money chains and whips make me feel free
I'm starring in this bitch and yeah I write the show
Fuck the haters I'm headed to that place you like to go
They say, "what you fighting for, the game is on life support"
And Gary Coleman just passed, life is short
Bitch I'm about to blow up, look I'm about to blow up
Yeah got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up
Man, but now it's bottles at them tables, bring the models boy I'm about to po' up
Uh huh, you know what, bitch I'm about to blow up

Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey)
La la laaaa (Right side right side ah ha)
Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey)
La la laaaa (Bitch I'm about to blow up)

[Chorus: J. Cole]
Hey, this is a song for my haters (Bitch I'm about to blow up)
Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah (Ha, said I'm about to blow up)
Hey, this is a song for my haters (Uh huh, look I'm about to blow up)
Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah
Yeah, bitch I'm about to blow up

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Momma said I should reconsider law school
That means I wear a suit and bend the truth and feel awful
Hell naw, got a degree but what that cost you
You make a good salary just to pay Sally May
That's real as ever
Ducking bill collectors like Jehova's witness
When they showed up at your door at Christmas
Was broke as dishes tryna let it go
Hit the club she drop it low, lower than my credit score
Account overdraft what I got this debit for
Summers dead it got me drinking thinking bitch I better blow
I better blow,
These hoes ain't checking for no nigga with no vehicle
You border like Mexico
Hey baby girl what it look like
And where ya head at, and what ya cook like
She said where ya bread at, and what your whip like
You ain't got one or the other than brother good night

Bitch I'm about to blow up, look I'm about to blow up
Yeah got to the club early just to get a friend, wait for hoes to show up
But now it's bottles at the tables bring the models, boy I'm about to po' up
Uh ha, you know what
Bitch I'm about to blow up

Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey)
La la laaaa (Right side right side ah ha)
Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey)
La la laaaa (Bitch I'm about to blow up)

[Chorus: J. Cole]
Hey, this is a song for my haters (Bitch I'm about to blow up)
Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah (Uh, said I'm about to blow up)
Hey, this is a song for my haters (Yeah, bitch I'm about to blow up)
Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah
Bitch I'm about to blow up!

Praise God it's hard to stay spiritual
How they got these niggas on the TV selling miracles
You mean to tell me everything gon be fine
If I call your hotline and pay 29.99 shit
Well damn, why ain't you say so
Take this check and ask God to multiply all my pesos
And erase my number out the phone of these fake hoes
I saved her number just in case but now it's case closed
To you niggas biting my flows and my subject matter
You'll never be me partner so it don't fucking matter
You try to be and your career will see funerals
And be you that's why it sounds, beautiful
Then maybe you could blow up
And maybe you could blow up
Shit but you know what
For now bitch I'm about to blow up


Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one I desire

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

Hey, uh. What up, girl? Tell me how you feelin'?
You look sweet enough to make a nigga need a fill-in
If you got a man, do that nigga need a fill in?
She said, looks kill and I'm tryna make a killin'

God willin' I be chilling on a boat nigga
Love is a gamble, I ain't dealin' with no broke nigga
Down in Miami with a super whore team
Tryna bag a brother with a Super Bowl ring

Oh, she down in Dallas at the all-star game spittin' all-star game
Tryna get a nigga with a all-star name
Somethin' like James, somethin' like Wade
If you something like paid you can fuck tonight
Yeah, she said, fuck some nice Js

What about you're life savings?
Won't spend her life slavin'
So she graduated rich nigga wife train
And if you got money, man the head is amazing

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one I desire

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

What up girl? Tell me how you been?
Ain't seen you since the 12th grade, even back then
Thought you was a cutie though your booty mad thin
But you done got thick on a nigga, god damn

Hey, now I got a thang for you
It's been a long time comin' I should hang with you
'Cause see way back I thought to fuck with you was impossible
Count your baby daddies, now 2 and a possible, uh

You still got it though, yeah you still got it though
Girl your body looking like a fuckin' pot of gold
You got your mean little walk with the model pose
You got your hair did, you got designer clothes

You still got it though, yeah you still got it though
You got your nails did, damn girl you're on a roll
Do you give brains? Did you make the honor roll?
Don't worry 'bout your man baby he ain't gotta know

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one I desire

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one

I get bored so fast that they won't last
But, girl, you're special like I met you in a slow class
'Cause yo ass got me feinin' for you so far
My life is like a movie would you be my co star, like Halle Berry
You're old nigga act like a bitch like Tyler Perry
You caught him down in Memphis cheating like Calipari
I see you like to stay up on your ESPN
If your mind is on sex, you must got ESP then

Had a crush on way back, I wasn't VIP then
But I was plotting on you
I really wished that I had got to know you
Before we grew up & I blew up with these Benjamins
That way I know for sure, your love is really genuine
Is you my homie go show me what kind of friend you is
What if it's phony and only 'cause I could give you ends

Too late for turnin' back fuck it we continuing
Get your ass in that position I love to bend you in

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one but you the one I desire

Come here. I'm 'bout to take you higher
We're about to set this bitch on fire
Pour a little gas, spark up your lighter
You might not be the one


[J. Cole]
Baby you summertime fine, I let you get on top, I be the underline
I'm trying to get beside you like the number 9, dime
You fine as hell, I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell
But well, I'm wondering what type of shit you wantin'
Do you like the finer things or you a simple woman
Would you drink with a nigga, do you smoke weed
Don't be ashamed, it aint no thing, I used to blow trees
Gettin lifted, I quit but shit, I might get high with you
Its only fitting cause I'm looking super fly with you
A flower, you are powerful, you do something to me
cause girl I caught the vibe like you threw something to me
So i threw em back, now all my niggas hollerin, who was that
Oh boy, she bad nigga, what you bout do with that
I'm finna take you home, just sip a little patron
Now we zonin', baby you so fine

[Chorus]
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
The sun rising while you moanin'

And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
The sun rising while you moanin'

[Drake]
Uh, baby you winter time cold
The night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow
I'm trying to make the goose bumps on your inner thigh show
I'll let you beat me there as far as finish lines go
Yeah, and if you gotta leave for work,
I'll be right here in the same bed that you left me in
I love thick women cause my aunt, she rode equestrian
I used to go to the stables and get those kids to bet me
And I would always ride the stallions whenever she let me
I'm joking, I mean that thing is poking
I mean you kinda like that girl that's in the US Open
I mean I got this hidden agenda that you provoking
I got bath water that you can soak in
Things I could do with lotion
Dont need a towel, we could dry off in the covers
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
Yeah, when lights coming through the drapes and we both yawning
I roll over and ask if..

[Chorus - Drake]

[J. Cole]
Hey, hey, God Bless the child that can hold his own
God Bless the woman that can hold patron
God Bless the homegirl that drove us home
No strings attached, like a cordless phone
You see my intentions with you is clear
I'm learning not to judge a woman by the shit that she wears
Therefore, you shouldnt judge a nigga off of the shit that you hear
Get all defensive, apprehensive, all because my career
To be fair, I know we barely know each other and yeah
Somehow I wound up in your bed so where we headin from here
Just say you're scared if you're scared but if you through frontin' we can do somethin
And you know just what I'm talking about, tomorrow you'll be calling out
Cause tonight we getting right into the wee morn'
Cooking nigga breakfast after sex is like a reward
Then I go my own way and you think about me all day, thats just a warning

[Chorus]


Hey I got a dolla and a dream
But its all a nigga got so its about that green
And im all up in that spot
Hey

Yeah the mental state of a young black genius conflicted
The fast life I done seen on the screen is addictive
Money and clothes I done dreamed about
And all the hoes that I fiend about
Ey tell me am I wrong for visualizing material shit I never had?
Waving gats instead of flags, the American Dream
Why do we cling to the villains?
Knowing they kill 'em
My niggas high enough to swing from the ceiling
Ink from the pen spilling on my notebook
Filled with dreams, this is my hope book
Still the screams from little girls shot and killed fill my head on the daily
At times I question God can you blame me? They can't tame me!
My voice screech through the street.. I'm a beast on em!
Oh no he will not fold, you will not see a crease on him!
He will not slip or lose his grip, they got them cleats on him!
But never will he run unless you call police on him

One time, two times, three times
Sometimes I scrap sometimes Im throwin up the peace sign
Its two sides to a nigga though
I said Its two sides to a nigga yo
Ay look sometimes I'm feeling high
Then I'm feeling low
Lord will I die will I survive let a nigga know
You say you know me but what side did you get to know?
Its two sides to a nigga yo yo yo

Yeah some pussy niggas pulled out on me and my mans
Wasn't for the pistol we drop em right where he stands
But still we never ran, foolish pride made us stand right there
Not understanding we could lose our life there
And then it hit us, thinking bout the close calls from long distance
Ugh as lil niggas in the Ville we was trippin
Type of nosy ass niggas to watching the fight until its over
They ran when the gats came out, I moved closer
Foolish what was I thinking? wasn't trying to be cool, its
Just the thrill of the danger get so filled up with anger
When a stranger get to violating
He sleeping on me wide awake, bitch I'll annihilate him
I'm tired of waiting on my ticket out this mothafucka
Hope they don't kill me before I get up out this mothafucka
I gotta go
Now can I be that nigga I thought I was? I gotta know
Will I make it like I thought I would? I gotta blow

One time, two times, three times
Sometimes I scrap sometimes Im throwin up the peace sign
Its two sides to a nigga though
I said Its two sides to a nigga yo
Ay look sometimes I'm feeling high
Then I'm feeling low
Lord will I die will I survive let a nigga know
You say you know me but what side did you get to know?
Its two sides to a nigga yo yo yo

Yeah I seen heaven, seen hell
The two faces of the Ville
One side dreams, the other sides real
One side schemes, the other side deals
What the pain brings another mother cry still
Why the fuck am I here God?
That nigga died why the fuck am I still alive?
I feel ashamed cause the good Lord done brought all this success to me
And all I seem to focus on is all this stress on me
Bless homie we breathin
Cold world got me sneezing
Wrote this when I was broke so hey I guess we even
Though it blows fighting demons trying to stop from bustin semen
In an unfamiliar bitch I know my niggas feel this shit
How could I fuck her raw? And I just met the ho
My dick took over it ain't never felt this wet before
Im stressing in my mind but its way to late to stop it
Mate this shit so bad, I had a condom in my pocket
Lets change the topic
Before I go berserk
I'm so alert, riding down 95
Naw I ain't finna to go to work
I'm headed back home ain't staying that long
I'm chasing dreams shawty im paying back loans
I'm paying dues that a nigga paying tax on
Im tryna blow like a nigga playing saxophone
I'm playing daddy to another niggas daughter
Don't worry even Jesus never saw his real father
It don't bother me at all though
Yeah say it don't bother me at all
They got me thinking bout my mom though
Man I can't wait to sing this song I be like, I be like

Hey don't cry hey ohh no
We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Hey don't cry hey ohh no
We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more
We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid
We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed
Hey Hey Hey


They say anythings possible,
You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles
Chasing obscene profits so we ain't stopping for the red lights
Look in my rear view all I see is niggas headlights
Catch me if you can hoe
They try and sack me and I scramble
Look up in the sky you'll see exactly where I am bo
Hey, don't you see me man?
Making my wishes come true with no genie man
I got the keys to my beamer with no Beanie Man
I'm on these rich niggas ass no bikini man
I bring the real to the day the Lord free me man
Never imagined that the kids would wanna be me man
Eh, could it be that I give the hopeless broke kids, hope
Caught me walking through the mall, looking like he seen a ghost
Silly head to approach, whats up young blood
Aint it strange, a year ago today I was counting change
Yeah hopping trains up in New York city
Though I gotta thank God cause if you weren't with me
Than I surely woulda died
You can throw the fork in me
This my New Years resolution, dawg
No more Pork in me
Uh, I aint no Muslim though
Kuran butler I'm a wizard if he doesnt know
Its young Simba, I'm ballin' til the buzzard blow
You try and kick the shit I kick you gon stub your toe
Boy thats just how tough I go
See this is my life work
This shit you callin classic, I be like that mic work
Want you to feel something new, thats how a dike work
And ask me bout pressure, they wanna see my pipe burst

Not tonight nigga
Not tonight nigga
Yeah, hey
Hey, man, hey

Man, I rap so vicious but I talk so politely
Never met a baby momma, momma who don't like me
Met a couple baby fathers though they wanna fight me
I hit her til she snooze, like the news nigga nightly
Send her back to you when she no longer excites me
No she bitter with this nigga
Cause he aint quite me
One things for certain baby, you are a wifey
Two things for fucking sure
I am not the husband thoguh
So run back to him while you still can
He sticking with his wife and kid, yeah thats a real man
I was ashamed all along and I still am
We let the lust interupt something real, damn
Girl we grown so you gotta play your own position
I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision
Eh, you can blame it on the liquor like a prohibitions
We both know thats what you wanted girl
I know you listening

Hey
Girl I know you listening
Uh I know you listening
Hey, yeah

Shout out to the bootleggers who supply my shit
The fans online trying to find my shit
And to theniggas listening but wont buy my shit
And catch me in the street wanna ride my dick
Y'all niggas is the worst, see me like
"J. Cole homie, can you sign my burnt CD"
Nigga please, an album ten dollars
You act like it's ten g's
This food for thought cost the same as 2 numbers three's
So at ease with that broke shit
We all tryna get a dollar boy, no shit
You know I feel ya pain, thats why I slang this hope shit
And give you lines that you rewind and think oh shit
These rappers talk a lot of money, cars and hoes shit
I give you that and a whole lot more shit
Than got richer and still rapping like I'm poor shit
You niggas thinnk you know shit, nigga you don't know shit
Hoe bitch!!!
Yeah, Cole Bitch!!!
J Cole nigga
Hey


I see your homegirl tryna sway you
How you figure I would play you
Would you look at that
The same one that caught her nigga with some freak
All in her sheets left for a week
What she do, double back
Now I know we far from perfect
But I feel like this is worth it, do you disagree with that
If not then holla back
Hey and tell ya girl you'll call her back

My best friend say, she sick of me, crying on the phone
Telling how man dogging me
My best friend say, dont tell her nothing bout me
Cause she ain't showing me no sympathy
My best say, if she was me, she woulda let ya go
Home a long time ago
My best friend say
My best friend say
I'll be there, I'll still be there for you

In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I'll be there for you
I'll be there for you
In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I'll be there for you

Now, now, now, know we be arguing
But ain't you riding with me
We breaking up we making up
Like Dwayne Wayne and Whitley
You throw things, you broke things
Use both hands and hit me
And right when you call the law
I'll tell my boy to come get me
Then you, than you start listening
To friends, and then it, gets tricky
They try to tell you leave, but this love is real sticky
So you ignore the hickeys, the pics of chicks in they vicky's
That they sent me, is that real love
You're the only one that I will love
Damn, damn

My best friend says
I can stay with her
At her house, no doubt, anytime I like
My best friend says
Don't let you in my life cause you don't do for me and you don't act right
My best friend says
If she was me, she would let you go a long, long time ago
My best friend says, my best friend says

I'll still be there for you
In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I'll be there for you
I'll be there for you

In time of need
You can lean on me
Come on, come on
I'll be there for you

Girl I can see it in your eyes
How you feeling , let me know whats on your mind
We've been together for a long long time
Hey, girl I can see it in your eyes
I know to you it feel like I'm never around
Round, round, round
But if you leave, who else gon hold me down
Hey, hey, hey, hey


[Chorus:]
What can I?
It's cost me a lot
It's cost me a lot
It's cost me a lot
It's cost me a lot
It's cost me a lot
It's cost me a lot

[Verse 1: J Cole]
Just one of them days
A nigga feel like flossin'
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
Cool as Drew Breeze, I'm blowing a few G's
Just to hear them hoes say he's awesome
He's awful, yeah remember when ya fronted on me
Pulled up beisde me in that big body and stunted on me
Or when the bouncer just announced that it was bottle service only
Then he kicked me out the line, yeah he punted on me
Well look I'm back bitch, back with an attitude
Buying out the bar, cause I feel like this the shit I gotta prove
Last year the cashier told me my card was not approved
Now I'm tipping the server a hundred to show my gratitude
Easy, told you I'd be back baby, I guess you ain't believe me
Now I'm living just like the niggas you see on TV
VIP feeling like this club oughta thank me
I hit the bar just so y'all can see I'm ballin', HD

[Chorus:]
(It's cost me a lot)
Big chains, big whips with wood grain
(It's cost me a lot)
My God, my watch make momma think someone might rob
(It's cost me a lot)
Fast life and till the gas light
Copped the type of shit you couldn't get at half price
(It's cost me a lot)
Look but don't touch motherfucker, think twice
(It's cost me a lot)

Now I don't love no material things
But I'm in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn (how, how, how he do that)
Damn (how, how, how, how he do that)
Now I don't love no material things
But I'm in love with the feelings they bring
I got em like damn (how, how, how he do that)
Damn (how, how, how, how he do that)

[Verse 2: J Cole]
Uh, knee deep in the game, my chain heavy
Somebody get the pilot and ask "is the plane ready?"
To handle all the weight on my shoulders we taking off
Don't wanna meet Aaliyah but yet I can't take it off
Cause how I'm supposed to shine without the proper bling
Remember when I did a show with Waka Flocka Flame
Felt naked cause the boy rocked about a thousand chains
Guess we rock a lot of ice cause we got a lot of pain
That's 5 hundred years of selling, I'm tryna tell em
Jacob the Jeweller is cooler now he a felon
Jay put a stamp on the nigga but wouldn't nail him
If he could'ntsell him, so what that tell him huh?

My chain heavy and my bitches look very thorough
Must be the money like dealing with the Jerry curl
White Range, call that Motherfucker Larry Bird
I got em hanging on every word

[Chorus]


[Verse 1:]
Am I changing right before your eyes?
Becoming someone you don't recognize
As if I was disguised, I'm on that shit as if I was the Fly
I'm touchin' skies, no puffin' lie
Man these songs that I made in my bedroom and shit
Gon' finally give a nigga leg room and a whip
From a Civic to a Chevy must've died and went to heaven
Like a passenger on 9/11 - please go find a reverend
You see I promise that I'd never change
But that was way before I made the dough and met the game
Say hello to Miss Thang, I forgot yo name, she yellow
And even white women want a nigga - Othello
I'm ballin' with nuggets, like fuck it I'm Carmello
Now the crib got much room -Portobello
She drop it low and then she bust moves for the fellow
I sit yo ass down like you was playin' a cello
See, you niggas hated and I levitated further
Knew I would kill the game, premeditated murder
So if it comes down, may the best man win
No sweat like a head band

[Chorus:]
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No it can't get no better for me
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No it can't get no better for me

[Verse 2:]
I'm a kill the game and invite witnesses
No death penalty, I'm givin' out life sentences
Like keep grindin' boy, your life can change in one year
And even when it's dark out, the sun is shining somewhere
Yeah, look here I pay dues
My own worst enemy so fuck it either way I can't lose
808's so my south niggas feel me
Light-skinned so the house niggas feel me
She catch me creepin' out your house she'll kill me
Is it worth it what's under that blouse?
My heart'll turn pitch black and cold if I split with my girl
If I could gift-wrap the globe, I would give you the world
But, do you love me like you used to?
Even though I ain't that nigga that you're used to
Remember back when I was broke, you would fix me
Do you prefer the broke me or the rich me
The broke me couldn't buy you meals, not even a value meal
And now I pay for everything, how you feel?
Mixed feelings 'cause now all the chicks feelin' him
You gotta adapt though never goin' back

[Chorus:]
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No it can't get no better for me
Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen
You know it can't get no better for me
No it can't get no better for me

I can't keep running away
I can't keep running away
I swear I'm coming back today
But if I'm wrong
And I ain't got what it takes
Then all dem people that was counting on me
Boy won't you climb down the mountain for me


Hey, this is the story of a young'n dreamin'
Left his city to see if he could be what he dreamin'
Big city on his own shit
But every now and then a nigga get homesick
Pick up the phone, holla at my partner he telling me, be warned
A lot of shit done changed in the time that you've been gone
The streets got meaner, the hoes got growner
And went and got babies the day they got they diploma
Damn, gon' be some niggas missing when you fly back
If you black, they sending you to jail or to Iraq
Old buddy that we hoop with, with the bad chick and a fly 'lac
And a gold chain? Caught him on the Merc, tryna buy crack
Damn homie! Shit, in high school you was the man homie
The fuck happened to you?
Used to beat niggas down at the buses after school
Now you looking like a motherfucking fool

Said I'll be home for the holidays
So when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city ‘fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I'll be home for the holidays
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come lets get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, I wish I could stay
But I'm coming home for the holidays

Hey, this is a story bout some puppy love
But at the time boy, I was feeling like this must be love
Although now I'm on my grown shit
She bad as hell, a nigga still get home sick
I was fresh up off a scholarship
Dressed like a black man in college shit
Got a little knowledge now I'm following the politics
But I still gotta holla at my old chick
So sweet, so thick, girl pick up your phone, it's me
She said “what, we ain't homies no more”
You go to college now you act like you don't know me no more
Girl, please, we got history, semester seem so long
The last time I seen ya baby you ain't have no clothes on
So if history repeats itself
When I get home, girl it's on, you ain't gone need ya belt
Or your pants or your drawers, then we hit the rewind
Just don't give it up in the meantime

Said I'll be home for the holidays
So when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city ‘fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I'll be home for the holidays
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come lets get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, I wish I could stay
But I'm coming home for the holidays

Man I reminisce on them school days
I know you know them act a fool days
That missed the bus then hit the blunt and go to school blazed
Trying to get laid so I gotta stay fly
But a nigga hella shy you would have thought that's where the bulls play
Was just a freshman could used a little Kool-aid (cool aid)
Crushing on them upper classmen but it was too late
Buddy she was dating, yeah, he had the freshest shoes
But the nigga graduated and he never made two A's
Hey if you're listening we got in school
But who will pay our tuition man
These niggas crazy
One year cost about same as a Mercedes (benz)
Four years cost wife, crib, and a baby
Ay maybe this ain't for me
Only if I could be LeBron and go straight to league
The worst part of growing up man: shit just ain't for free
Maybe I can be somebody people pay to see
And maybe I should move up out here to the place to be
To get from A to Z ay what you think I'm crazy
If I told you one day that I'ma sign with Jay-Z
And will I make it man I guess we gotta wait and see

Said I'll be home for the holidays
So when you see me, better holla at me
I gotta get up out this city ‘fore it try to trap me
I gotta leave, I wish I could stay
But I'll be home for the holidays
And to those that I used to know
From way before, keep your head up
Come lets get this bread up
Girl, I gotta go, wish I could stay
But I'm coming home for the holidays


Feel like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Feel like she loves me
She loves me
And then she loves me not
She loves me not
Then she loves me not

[Verse 1:]
Hey, I know that this ain't nothing that you used to
Out of the ordinary, unusual
I know you had your whole life planed out
So to watch this pan out I know this shit gotta confuse you
I know you wonder why I had to choose you
Then wanna take you for granted or abuse you
So I'm a keep it honest
I think it's a little ironic
If I hit another chick it's gonna bruise you
Shit, staring out the window of this plane
Thinking if it crash, I'll never see your ass again
Wouldn't that be a shame
Cause look at all the shit we overcame
Made it through the flame and never got cremated
I made it to the fame and never got too jaded
All them other couples we fuck with, secretly hated
Flash forward it's been year, we're the only ones that made it
Shit remember I was straying from home
And where I wanna be was my favorite song
Sometimes I still be on my Donnell Jones
But I just can't leave you alone

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
She know me like a book, it's too easy to read my ass
Unhappy stressed, yelling don't mislead my ass
I mean I make it so easy to please my ass
The shoe was on the other foot and you would leave my ass
It's true that, true that
My song all on the radio
Who Dat!, who dat
Am I so far gone, used to see both sides like the Mohawk on
Now I know you wonder why this phone lock on
All this time I've been with ya you ain't used to do that
I loved you ass way before I knew you could rap
The way you breaking my heart I should sue you for that
Call up my uncles and my cousins have them do you for that
We had a deal you ain't keeping up your end of the shit
In my mind I know she got the short end of the stick
Trying justify it, thinking man we finna be rich
And some bad bitch I barely know sending me flix

[Chorus]


[Verse 1:]
Gettin higher than the soul of little Shaniya,
To the ones that killed her, hope you burn in fire.
I'm burnin tires on the strip, tryna get a grip,
Liquor in the cupholder, tryna get a sip.
6 shots of Hennessey, I'm still goin strong.
Please numb me from the bullshit that's goin on.
That girl was 5 years old that they just murdered,
And did some wicked shit to her that was unheard of,
You fuckin coward.
Ain't gotta tell em' go to Hell,
Cause that's the shit that make them other niggas sick in Jail;
So you gon' feel it.
Travel the world reppin this city, know I'm gon kill it,
But yet a nigga ain't got a clue... how I'm gon deal with
All the bullshit. Niggas sendin shots my way.
You put a hit out on me, think that I'm gon stop? No way.
Gon have to kill me, or witness a nigga livin so filthy
Young, Black, and Wealthy, nigga for that I'm guilty.
Still see all the fake shit.
It's funny somehow thought the money could erase it.
No matter how much dough you got you gotta face it,
And to my niggas gone hope you in a better place,
If I make it I'll holla...

[Chorus:]
See World (See world, See world)
You're no good
See World (See world, See world)
You're no good
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can't escape the pain that's trapped in my mind
See World (See world, See world)
You're no good

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Yeah I got a chip on my shoulder the size of a golden nugget
The industry overlook me for that I be holding grudges
Wouldn't take a chance on me
Suddenly it's, oh you love it
Let's get a cole feature that's gon put you over budget
Picture being broke with no pot to piss in
And then suddenly your idols is your competition
Used to be God to me, slowly losing my religion
As these notes from my composition turn the compositions thin
Put it out and hope the World sing
We sippin' liquor for the pain that the World bring
We had dreams just to make it up the flag pole
Just to find out that out heroes were some ass holes
Y'all don't hear me, maybe you had the World figured out wrong
When these niggas go from singing our songs to waiting on you
Bout a year later the same ones be hatin' on you
Every other record these rappers be faking on you
We singing songs but we know that ain't true
We know you gotta make the people pay you
Cause either you play the game or watch the game play you
And be that broke motherfucker talkin bout "I stay true"

[Chorus]


Yeah, farewell
Hey, farewell
All my niggas farewell
Fayettenam

Look, some niggas let their dirt out
Some just keep it all in ‘em
So when a man dies all his secrets go with him
And fade. A part of history no longer known
Done did a lot of dirt I'll bury with me when I'm gone
When my story's told, how will they tell it?
Will they say I was a giver or remember I was selfish?
Will they say I was a sinner or pretend I was a saint?
Will I go down as a winner, what's the picture they gon' paint?
Wouldn't say that I'm a quitter, that's one thing I know I ain't
Will they tarnish, will they taint?
Glorify me, over-think? Say they know me, say I'm great?
Say I'm phoney, I was fake?
Say the things about me they never told me to my face?
I was loved I was hated
Just a nigga with a dream
I'm a liar, I was honest, I was all of these things
When I'm gone let em talk, they discussing who I am
When they bury me just know I wasn't nothing but a man
Wasn't nothin' but a man

This for niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
Yeah, hey farewell
Yeh, hey farewell
This for niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
I pray you farewell
I bid you farewell
Yeah, hey, farewell
Yeah, yeah

If I should die Lord this here is my will
Reincarnate a nigga send me right back to the Ville
Let me relive my younger days just once again
Reenact my memories from every friend to every sin
Keeping demons buried in my closet
But yet I put in work like a deposit on my bank account
My eyes lit while I think about my childhood now Im blanking out
Those were truly my best days
The only thing I had to stress was how the hell to get laid
Gradually turn into me stressin' how the hell to get paid
Been making songs so long, now how the hell they get played
Ok, I'm blowing up quickly, I guess the flow is sickly
But yet I can't forget my past and hope it won't forget me
Got good grades but A's can't stop strays so pray for me
Pour liquor for my niggas but hey, don't wait for me
Cause I'm trying to cheat death, she out to bury my ass
You know the cliche “life's a bitch” well I'm gon marry that ass
And sign a pre-nup
Think back to when we tore the skating rink up
Rapping and we scrapping, we got older hit the teen club
Gave mean mugs to niggas but we winked to all the girls
Then we went back to the crib thinking we had saw the world
No sir, came a long way from having momma chauffer
Its hard to think these hoes at some point were so pure
But now we play the game, when it's over send me back
I swear I'm not gon change a thing
I swear I'm not gon change a thing

This for niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
Yeah, hey farewell
Yeh, hey farewell
This for niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
I pray you farewell
I bid you farewell
Yeah, hey, farewell
Yeah, yeah


Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

(How high)

Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

[Verse 1]
Visionary play your position, no missionary
But yet I pack Gospel in the quotes I spoke
You listening to the most high like the Pope on dope
Now picture that
My poetry’s deep now fish for that
Only real niggas catch something, phoney niggas fail
Shit you gotta feel like it’s only read in braille
Both did the crime but his homie didn’t tell
So he fucking bitches while he sitting lonely in a cell
Thinking well, what the hell I been on
They gave a nigga five then they threw another ten on
By the time I’m back on the streets like a bachelor
I gotta play the clubs like an old ass woman
Life is a movie, pick your own role
Climb your own ladder or you dig your own hole
Sit around crying that's like sitting round dying
You wanna touch the sky bitch you figure out flying

[Chorus]
Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo’ bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G’s
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo’ bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G’s
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

[Verse 2]
Hey, as the troubles of the world unfurl
My niggas hit the trees like squirrels
Tryna get a nut with your girl
Think I need to quit trying ‘fore some nigga out there try to hit mine
Karma for the karma sutra
A lot calmer when the ganja’s through ya
You need ya armour cause them niggas out here tryna shoot ya
Kinda crucial, police piranha, gon snatch you out that Honda
For stashing that marijuana
Yes, ya honour, I feel ashamed
I broke the law but look I’ll never smoke or steal again
In your courtroom wylin’ out, I don’t mean to keep smiling
But right now I’m high enough to probably steal a plane
Man, just look at me, what if I couldn’t read?
Would you throw the book at me
What if I’m feeling sad, am I supposed to look happy
It’s been a long time coming
Tell my nigga roll me up something

[Chorus]

No I don't smoke, maybe once in a blue
When the tention gets thick than there’s nothing to do
Through the windows of my soul, open the blind
My eyes get shut but I open my mind

How high, la la la la
how high, hey hey hey
how high, yeah yeah yeah yeah
How high, la la la la

Is that a shot that you threw little man?
I understand, you frustrated career ain't going how you planned
Make it worse, you’re friends, now when they talk rap
All you hear is “J Cole this” and “J Cole that”
It must be hard for your projects to take all that
I know your weak heart gotta break off that
Boy, look, Cole World this is your worst fear
I’m burning you niggas and I’m only in first gear
I’m serving you niggas this is only the first beer
12 months from now, you’ll be having the worst year
No tears for the haters, I’m still counting money
Cole ain't dropping, that's real fucking funny
Grade A dummy, sleeping on a nigga raps
Something like a mummy
But I’mma wake yo’ ass up
Something like your mommy on school day
I smoke two l’s with ya girl this is Cool J

How high
How high
How high, yeah
How high, yeah

What's love got to do, got to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Yeah I send it right back to you with it


Beat billionaire

[Rick Ross]
You know I stick to the script
Twenty-million dollar nigga, but I do it like this

(M-M-M-Maybach Music, Maybach Music)

[Rick Ross - Chorus]
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Wuh!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Wuh!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap
The Rolls-Royce, it’s all white
Foamposites, the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes

My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
The Rolls-Royce, it’s all white (How can I not talk big? I got to)
Foamposites (Wale!), the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes
Wale

[Wale - Verse 1]
Yeah, uh
Ferrari mics, bitch, I’m on my car show
My chick black and white, she ain’t no dime, that bitch a Concorde
11 know I’m reppin’ this, shoot and I don’t ever miss
The coupe I’m in is rented, I ain’t wit’ all that commitment shit
P-R-Ps is proper, couple Gs when I’m shoppin’
My girls and my SBs, got a thing for pink boxes
Shout out Frankie the Butcher, shout out Mishka in Brooklyn
That’s some nigga from 10.deep ATL, I’m wit’ the cooker
I ain’t e’en tryin’, fool, ho, I ball like private school
You bammas like Hyperstrikes, your wifey sleep outside of you
And Tito’s my niggas, you know just we just need more shit and
It’s ironic how I drop some dough when I got them Homer Simpsons, look
Pine-green Foams, they may never see the store
Got LeBron Entourages like Maverick and Richie Paul
Bitch, I ball, ho, you lame, look at my Laneys, switchin’ lanes
Look at my 9s, look at my Blazers, look at my 4s, cut wit’ laser
Look at my whore, that is your lady, look at my flo’, makin’ y’all crazy
Makin’ y’all sick, y’all cannot tame me, Lexus drive me, Maybach pay me
Salute

[Rick Ross - Chorus]
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it’s all white (Huh!)
Foamposites, the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes
Meek Mill

[Meek Mill]
Yo
I said I’m swaggin’ out in my Cool Greys, no LL, but these cool Js
And my wrist froze, but I’m cool sha’, like a bald head, I’m too paid
I’m too blazed, and I’m too high, George Kush, the whole crew high
Wrong move and that tool fly, better Kon that ass like Wu-sai
It’s MMG, MOB, young nigga, I been OG
Walk around wit’ like 10 on me, that 5-7, that fen’ on me
Don’t grin on me wit’ them long stares, you ain’t God unless no fear
Big money, all the hoes, HD, I came so clear
We jeweled out and we racked up, Phantom big when it back up
Big Boy, look like a Mack truck, shooters ride wit’ that Mac tucked
I’m a Bad Boy, bitch, ask Puff, Simpson-Rodgers, my last cup
On this shit, I can’t stand up, country Ks as I man up
This Rozay, Wale, Gunplay, and that nigga Pill
In Brazil, and this shit is real, got bad hoes and that whippet pill
One week and we get the deal, one day and I fucked the bitch
My Levis, they 501, my snapback is hella bent

My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it’s all white (Huh!)
Foamposites, the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes

[J. Cole]
Fresh-ass nigga, no wonder why them hoes be open
That’s that nigga, so what’d I say? They okey-dokin’
How you figga? You fuckin’ wit’ me? I hope he jokin’
I’m witcha girl, you home alone, bitch you Macauley Culkin
I’m oviedosin’, ay, homie, Kobe smokin’
Then put my ashes on you niggas, bet you gon’ need lotion
I’m slowly roastin’, heatin’ up, so you know we toastin’
Fuck hoes wit’ no emotion, fade away like Kobe postin’
Out in Sweden, like ain’t shit that you can’t tell us
Lord, forgive me, as a kid, I used to look at niggas jealous
‘Cause uh, they had them Js, and my mama wouldn’t cop ‘em
Can you blame her? Hundred dollars for them bitches wann’t a option
Now we livin’ much better, nigga, pay whatever
Rock them bitches once then forgot about ‘em forever
My kicks like my chick, I don’t need to know the numbers
You just need to know I’m comin’, I’ll kill you niggas this summer
Cole

My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap
The Rolls-Royce, it’s all white
Foamposites, the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes

My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!)
The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it’s all white (Huh!)
Foamposites, the LeBrons, I’m fuckin’ wit’ the Spikes

M-M-M-Maybach Music


The songs that I made in my bedroom and shit
Finally give a nigga leg room and a whip

Yeah Cole World, make way for the chosen one
Ain't nobody else I’d rather be, not even Oprah’s son
Momma’s youngest getting paper like the oldest one
We living better guess God felt he owed us one
Closets barely had no clothes in them
So you throw my niggas in hoopty’, but we still bag hoes and them
These niggas give they heart and soul to them
I wonder if they know we doving them
Ass fat so when pinch ‘em (pincher) like a Doberman
Run up on em politicing like Keith Olbermann
What’s your name? Where ya from?
Ya got a dream? I’ll sell ya one
Come and kick it with a nigga on his way to the top
Won’t stop, won’t stop
Hey and don’t stop
Now if it don’t jam the hoes wont rock
And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop
And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don’t got

Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it

and don’t stop
Now if it don’t jam the hoes wont rock
And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop
And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don’t got

Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it

There’s so much pain on my brain I gotta jot it out
But as of late nigga, it ain't been shit to pout about
I turn up the news, my blues seem petty
Cause my view of the city is incredible with no album out
I’m blessed nigga, I’m blessed
When I’m all alone these words just flow out of my chest
Turn ‘em into poems, they worship, I’m the best
And though I’m taking long, they fuck with me none the less
Yeah, enough sleeping, I put you niggas to rest
The only one saying shit is like a nigga got tourettes, (chyeah)
Unimpressed with you niggas
You the shit only cause I digested you niggas
But I digress, boy you bout as G as a fucking tie dye vest
And your wifey is a bird even in her Prada dress
Want a nigga like me to come and get her out her nest (out her nest)
Like come and kick it with a nigga on his way to the top

Won’t stop, won’t stop
Hey, don't stop

Now if it don’t jam the hoes wont rock
And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop
And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don’t got

Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it
Gotta see it to believe it


Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]
Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]

I told them recognize , Smith and Wesson.
Now I got her in my bedroom busting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting

Yeah they talk but they don’t know nothing
Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
What is you discussing?

Hey, Oh NO
Not another line about how life’s a bitch
Well fuck the world and enjoy it
If she is, wonder can she ride the dick.
If so I take her on a voyage
I like em long legged, Mega Thick
Work it out Ya know employ it
You wanna know how I know I’m the shit
Cuz I keep clogging up the toilet

Coley Cole, Fresh as a Four week old
Not a scratch on me, Hoes ask for me
Niggas ask bout me, Silly if you doubt me
Close your eyes and see where the game is headed without me
Give you the realest nigga, give you the chills
You looking at the reason the label gave you the deal
You remind ‘em of me, Let’s see how does it feel
To know I fathered you niggas and left you out of my will.

Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]
Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]

I told her recognize, Smith and Wesson
Now I got her in my bedroom busting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting

Yeah they talk but they don’t know nothing
Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
What is you discussing?

‘Nuff of that bullshit cake rap
With your childlike scriptures
I’m busting off nigga take that!
Don’t let the limelight get ya
The hood said we fuckin with you cole say
And we gon’ ride right wit ya
Yeah we know you got college degrees
But we got prior’s like Richard
And here we are
Raps is like CPR
Nigga turn on your tv, BET, you see a star
Me and my team like ET,
Completely we be from Mars
Damn he got bars as if hes speaking of CB4
Need a barrage
A freaky broads, to keep me hard
Like 3 Nicki Minaj’s, flow completely retarded
So I’m deeply regarded as one of the gods
And yes her ass clappin so that a round of applause
I guess

Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]
Can’t help but think about it all the time.
And you know what’s on my mind [x4]

I told her recognize, Smith and Wesson
Now I got her in my bedroom busting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting

Yeah they talk but they don’t know nothing
Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing
Nigga that’s disgusting, that’s disgusting
What is you discussing?


Allow me to set the scene first
This little nigga no older than 17 in a Martin Luther King shirt
Walking down the mean merc where the fiends lurk
And the same dirt’ll find a nigga
Even if you tryna get that clean work
He caught eyes with a bad bitch in a jean skirt
She gave him a mean smurk, he smiled back
He remember this man that hit that shit a while back
He met her, fucked her, never dialled back
How niggas do? he kept it moving, couldn’t wait to get home
Report card for his mother couldn’t wait to get shown
Straight A’s as usual, his momma would smile
Youngest child, college bound
Knew his momma was proud
Cause he was headed out the hood
He promised himself one day he’d get her out for good
That made him smile
The favorite child, but damn, fate is foul
Drive by, stray bullets that laid him out
On the pavement fading out
Now he bleeding thinking, God, man, you couldn’t wait a while
My momma struggling who gon save her now, huh?
Now he fading out thinking God, you couldn’t wait a while?
My momma need me, who gon save her now, nigga? uh
Yeah, he’s fading out, her favourie child
He’s fading out


[Verse 1]
Momma I just killed a man
My body still trembling can you feel my hand
Don't shed no tears, it won't be long before they find out it was me momma
This may be the last time you see me free ma
Don't spend it cryin'
You did your best, me I was blessed, know you were stressed tryin'
To keep me out the streets, me ducking police
Tryin' not to make a peek to wake you up out your sleep
A drunk and high fool
Skip a class, fluncking high school
I know you taught me better, somehow I never learned
Said I was playing with fire, somehoe I never burned
You tried to set me straight, somehow I never permed
You tried to show me right but somehow I never turned
Lost in a cloud of marijuana, are you sane dummy
Dry your face mommy, your not to blame for me
See I'm a man, I gotta take whatever came for me
At times I wonder 'bout my father
Would it change for me if he was around?
Would I still be running round with the lowlife's
Bum ass niggas no jobs, no life
Seen them niggas killed for no price
I watched his life flash before his eyes like a strobe light
I pulled the trigger momma
Tryna be hard, I ain't mean to kill the nigga momma
But what's done is done
I'm on the run, I live my life like a movie now it's way too realer
Who woulda thought your baby boy woulda grew up to be a killer

Yeh, now I'm a killer
Guess I'm a killer
They got me in here with the killers
Yeah I mean the killers

[Verse 2]
I wonder whats in store for me
Lately been stressing, pray for blessings, hope that there's more for me
Than just a simple life
Niggas that I used to hoop with is doing triple life
Gave up the jump shot
Work on the john shot
Who woulda thought I used to block this niggas lay ups
Now he's in a cell layed up
I wish you well, stay up
Like insomniacs
This life can make a nigga fold like a laundry mat
I sip this cognac though to ease my brain from all this pain
And so that I react slow, in this fast world
Slow niggas, fast girls
Hoes give up ass while these ho niggas hold triggers
Blast on 'em
Hold up that old checker flag for 'em
Chalk lines by the do not park sign
It's deep, all these cold hearted niggas holding heat
I'd rather blast before they steal a nigga
Tell 'em now boy, don't make me turn into a killer

Yeah, into a killer
Don't make me turn into a killer
Yeah, to a killer, yeh yeh

[Verse 3]
To those who had love for me in the past
Who woulda thought time would fly by so fast
I remember back in class we used to make believe
Like it was draft day
Swore that we would make the league, be rich
Saturday morning had to rake the leaves, awww shit
Watch how they pile up
Seem like a mile up
I was the blisters on my hand than I dial up my best friend
Skating ring is where we headed tonight
And if a nigga disrespect, yes we ready to fight
In retrospect that shit seemed petty
At the time, the shit was heavy
Cause life was all about your name
You had to scrap with any nigga that would call you lame
Ashamed no doubt, so many niggas go they brains blown out
Snatched a nigga chain and he got his name rolled out in obituaries
Another body in a cemetary
Another young nigga in the penetentiary
And he don't give a fuck no missionary
Rap visionary, paint a picture nigga pictionary
Tell you what it is, I'm a dictionary
I knew a nigga that threw his dick in every chick in every city that he went to
Went hard like the rent do
Till he met the wrong bitch, man just came home ex-convict
And he stay on with that Thriller
Shit, fucking around with them killers

Yeah, with them killers
Fucking around with them killers
Say I'm a killer


Yeah, Pistol Pete flow, smoke like a swisha sweet blow
Cole world, get ya Pea Coat
Rappers got no point, niggas miss the free throws so
Ain't no mystery why there picking me for
I've been hot since '97, I ain't Mr Cee though
I am Mr NC boy, with the pen destroy any emcee boy
I'm skinny, didn't eat so I'm hungry like a hostage
Finally seeing money so it's funny how they eyes lit
Surprise it's, that nigga that you should have been on
I handed you niggas my demo, dawg I couldn't get on
One time for my city bitch I'm putting it on
Like a condom when I'm with your girl, ballin' like it's intramural
Back in school, hoopin' to impress the girls
We was young and disconnected from the rest of World
I reminsce on Andrea, eh, God bless ya girl
She used to let me sit in class and caress her curves
Help a nigga get through puberty, the lessons learned
From her, wasn't nothing like it
We passed notes, she read minds like a fucking psychic and write back
I was the class clown, I told jokes and hope she liked that
Rode the bus home and wonder how it be to pipe that
If I was just a little faster I know I could have smashed her
But was just a virgin, couldn't make it past flirting
Now I'm taking baths with there naked ass jerkin
Make It Last forever playing in the background
You can that as whatever I was laying that down
She gon hat emy ass forever, I ain't gon bring her back round
But hold up, what you expect it, how you feeling all neglected?
Sending all them texted spillin on your dresses
We knew just what this was before I was feeling on your breast'es
I never disrespected, I'm clever nigga check it
I tried to warn these women, guess they never get the message
This is Cole, ain't nothing like it
So girls don't wanna fuck him, now they wanna fuckin' like him
And hope you fuckin' wife him

Yeah, nuttin' like him
Yeah, ooh, yeah, oh

Ain't no other, ain't no other niggas
A-ain't no, ain't no other niggas fucking with me
Rappers throwin' jabs but it feel like nothing hit me
Fake niggas, snake niggas I think something bit me
Scratch that, can't impersonate perfection man
But I can school you, this here is the lesson plan
Now uh uh, apparently some of y'all comparing me
Either you blind as hell or either you just don't care to see
Don't make me pull the trigger I think you niggas is daring me
Go fuck around and get your favourite rapper embarrassed, see
I'm the supplier of that fire and the kerosene
Don't wanna make a scene, those ain't no shots fired
Just know the shit that I'm dropping, take you a lot higher
These niggas bitches on the low, they Mrs Doubtfire
How can you doubt fire, man if you brave enough then come put it out Sire
The South by your side, this the mouth for your eyes
You niggas spit it with no one to vouch for your lies
I spit it how you see it, but ain't had the words to say it
I spit it how you think it but ain't had the balls to speak it
I put it out, sit around and let the world critique it
Until the fans up on it early like a nigga leaked it
Just know you fucking with the best, this be our little secret
Until the world find out and then y'all gotta share me
Til then just know there's nothing like him and there's nothing near me
Yeah you fucking hear me
Yeah, yeh


[Chorus: J. Cole]
What's sunshine with no rain
What's joy without no pain
And I'm still gon do my thing
There ain't no holding me back
Hey I'm gon get mine believe that
And what's sunshine with no rain
And what's Joy without no pain
Hey yeah
Yeah hey

[Verse: J. Cole:]
The city fucked up even thug niggas getting robbed.
Know it's bad when the drug dealers getting jobs
Same niggas who skipped out on graduation
At the gas station filling out the applications but
They ain't calling me back
Best friends be our references
Pay checks spent on necklaces
Down payments on the Lexuses
Debit in the negative
Overdraft with the sky overcast
But I'm screaming fuck the pessimist
Cause there ain't no holding me back, huh
The little nigga had big dreams to do big things
But in this thing everything ain't what this shit seems
Trying hard to come up in the flag pole just to
Find out your heroes is some assholes
But there ain't no hlding me back


[Drake:]
Yeah
Oh, nah, I'm ready
Yeah, let's go
Your girlfriend at my next show, OVOXO nigga
Yeah

Uh, Wassup
Real nigga doing real stuff
Get a lot of money you can never get enough
And you know the new shit sound so tough
So-and-so just walked in, so what?
I don't really vibe with a lot of these niggas
I ain't really into giving more than one chance
Girl I already tried with a lot of these niggas
Fuck that
That team don't know real, what's that
That can't be from here
That can't be what they believing is the best shit of the year
That's that fake shit that's that fake shit, that's that top row of veneers
Just when they getting impatient's when I make a world premier
Aw, Damn, Word
Award shows coming?
Make sure you spell the shit right
Make sure to gimme all the credit I deserve
Make sure the good stuff's still in that Sprite
They watch us, make the shit into a song
You ain't living that boy, stop stealing that light
Anything can happen when I do see y'all, guess it all depends how I'm feeling that night
Okay
Live my life in hotels, bitch better have my room right
If they kill me, bury me a legend
Bitch better have my tomb right
Ahh
This is perfect for the women that I've loved before
I love em all, I just love me more

[Yukimi Nagano (Little Dragon):]
I could bet all of the riches that I ever had
Rush in the night like a shock, babe, would it be bad?
If I had to -
Set the alarm cause those thrills that run up my back
You're my star nothing else can lead me off track


Hey-yeaahh....
You're like a wildfire
You got me rising hot
Your innocence -
Who's the brave?
Drowning in
Would you save me?
It's a crime
If you don't
You'll expire
By the throat

I could bet all of the riches that I ever had
Rush in the night like a shock, babe, would it be bad?

Hey-yeaahh....
You're like a wildfire
You got me rising hot
Your innocence
Who's the brave?
Drowning in
Would you save me?
It's a crime
If you don't
You'll expire
By the throat

Your innocence
Who's the brave?
Drowning in
Would you save me?
It's a crime
If you don't
You'll expire
By the throat

Hey-yeaahh....
You're like a wildfire
You got me rising hot
Your innocence
Who's the brave?
Drowning in
Would you save me?
It's a crime
If you don't
You'll expire
By the throat

Your innocence
Who's the brave?
Drowning in
Would you save me?
It's a crime
If you don't
You'll expire
By the throat


In my freshest Js, I ain’t slept in days
Girl, you gon’ make me late undressin’ me
Know you ain’t seen me since yesterday
But, see, I got a date with destiny
‘Cause this the summer that our life change
Hov asked me, “Is you ready for it?”
I looked around at all his nice things
Told him, “Nigga, you already know it”

Bitch, I’m the man of the year
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Straight through this bitch (Yeah)
Bitch, I’m the man of the year

What you ‘sposed to do when the OG niggas don’t get it?
Lost what was once theirs but they won’t quit it
Homie, it’s a new era, middle finger to the suit-wearers
Lemme show you how to move in a room
Full of dudes that don’t got a fuckin’ clue how to do this
Prolly worked with Cube, so to them, this a Rubik
My President is black, but my jeweler’s still Jewish
So you know it cost, he makin’ a killin’ off me
Red diamonds he designin’ got me shinin’
Spotlight cover my body, my chain blindin’
A cop light runner, they wanna but can’t find him
Me and Hovi Hov, out on the same island
Took the whip to the other side of Jamaica
Seen how he was livin’, said “I gotta get my weight up”
Formulated my plan, motivated by dreams
Parlayed wit’ my mans, motivated my team
Ced said, “Look, my niggas, we got a foot in”
Bein’ good is good, that’ll get you Drew Gooden
But me, I want Jordan numbers, LeBron footin’
Can’t guard me, Vince Lombardi, John Wooden
Garbage? Hardly, you niggas silly like Chris Farley
So like him, you’ll be gone too early
Mama hands together like 6:30
And Cole keep a thick bitch I like to call Big Shirley
All my ’90s niggas is gon’ get it
18 and under, that’s prolly gon’ take a minute
I’ma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me
I’ma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me
At the time of this rhyme, five years ’til I know thirty
Cole World in the summer brings snow flurries
This next shit is in no way to boast
But my city love breakfast, ’cause niggas had toast early
Coach had us doin’ jumpin’ jacks
Then sent us to the water fountain after runnin’ laps
My nigga went and grabbed his bookbag, threw it on his back
And brought it to me just to show me he was fuckin’ strapped
We was twelve years old, how was we to know better?
I analyzed his life and see that he was so set up
Live by the trigger, ’cause no father figure
Means you don’t got a nigga comin’ ’round to guide a nigga
All you got is mama bringin’ home these rotten niggas
Blowin’ reefers, all the teachers do is ride a nigga
So this is who I speak fo’
To give the young niggas somethin’ they could reach fo’
You better dream, boy
Yeah, I stunt, but I’m a li’l more realer
When it come from the heart, don’t it feel mo’ iller?
Watch my flow go bananas, I’m a li’l gorilla
So pardon me, man, y’all gon’ have to pardon me
They say I rep that ‘Ville too much, but that shit just a part of me
It’s flowin’ out through my arteries, who hard as me? You JV, I’m varsity
No field trip, ain’t hard to see, this real shit, you R&B
Seen a movie wit’ yo’ bitch in it, and listen it, was starrin’ me
(Woo!) That boy Simba crazy
Hotter that Ike Turner temper, you December, maybe
And though you wish me well, I know deep down you wish I’d fail
It’s Judgment Day, I’m here to give you pussy niggas hell
And some food for thought, I can serve a plate
Wit’ dessert to take, wit’ dessert to take
Yeah, I heard the hate, but the wait is fuckin’ over
It’s like I’m fuckin’ Oprah, well worth the wait
Maybe over your head, I’m ahead of my time
Niggas scared of my future, I know they dreadin’ my prime
‘Cause I only made classics, now what that take? Timing
Cole under pressure, what that make? Diamonds
(Diamonds, diamonds, diamonds, diamonds..)


[Chorus]
Baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if the money been slow
‘Ey to you it don’t matter cause you still gon’ ride with me
You’re still gon’ ride wit’ me
I say you’re still gon’ ride wit’ me
I know you’re still gon’ ride wit’ me, hey

[Verse 1]
Welcome to the life of a, nice brother
Light skind-ed, black father, white mother
Tried to be a player, found out I’m a slight lover
Come from Carolina, I’m fly, I’m a right brother
Went away to school looking for the right lover
You know, someone that couldn’t ever worry ’bout a rubber
She had a man, I be damned, think I might love her
Thought about her ass for the whole damn Summer
Man I even memorised her whole damn number
This is my semester dog, I’m coming to arrest her
Yah, y’all you know, handcuff her, her ex man, fuck him
Oh nah don’t be a parr man, that nigga was a dog
So it’s me now, and she be everywhere I be now
I wonder, should I tell her what her fella wanna be now?
The dreams I been dreaming and them things I wanna see now
Do they make you wanna leave or would you still hold me down?

[Chorus]
‘Ey Baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
‘Ey to you it don’t matter cause you still gon’ ride wit’ me
You’re still gon’ ride wit’ me
I say you’re still gon’ ride with me
I know you’re still gon’ ride with me, hey
(Just like a star)
Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star)
And we gon’ do it big (just like a star)
And maybe get a crib (just like a star)
‘Ey maybe we can live (just like a star)

[Verse 2]
Hey, for you I always had an admiration
We lost touch but you never left my imagination
Congratulations on your graduation
Oh now it’s time to hit the real World filled with all them résumés and applications
Man, but ain’t nobody calling you back
You say it’s cause you a woman and even more cause you black, imagine that
The weight of everything on your plate
You got the World on your back baby, if you can relate, man I feel for you
‘Ey has this World got too real for you?
Your old friends say you changed but I still know you
You that same old girl I used to take home from school
Tryna look cool, forgot I had to break on, damn
Time passed and you done grew up
And yeah, it’s just like I told you baby look I done blew up
But the money and this little bit of fame ain’t changed me
So holla when you need me, I bet you you’ll get the same me

[Hook]

‘Ey baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
‘Ey to you it don’t matter cause you still gon’ ride with me
You’re still gon’ ride with me
I say you’re still gon’ ride with me
I know you’re still gon’ ride with me, hey
(Just like a star)
Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star)
And we gon’ do it big (just like a star)
And maybe get a crib (just like a star)
‘Ey maybe we can live

Just like a star that’s in my sky
Just like an Angel on my pain
You have appeared to my life
It feels like we never be the same
Damn and it’s been, way too long
Can’t find the words to write this song
Hey, Ugh, still I wanna worry
But it ain’t what I do
Hey, we do it all the time
Goin’ out my mind
Man

[Hook]

‘Ey baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
‘Ey to you it don’t matter cause you still gon’ ride wit’ me
You’re still gon’ ride wit’ me
I say you’re still gon’ ride wit’ me
I know you’re still gon’ ride wit’ me, hey
Just like a star
Just like a star
Just like a star
Just like a star


(Cole, cole, cole, cole 
And on the count of 3
Baby girl
Cole, cole, cole, cole
And on the count of 3
Baby girl
Cole, cole, cole, cole
Hey
And on the count of 3
Blow up - ah
Blow up - ah)

Yea - and that I will
Nigga and that I will
I keep a checklist of rappers that I'mma kill
I used to play the bleachers before I had a deal
Now a nigga gettin burnt, just imagine how that feel
Mmm, ill, fantastic
Flip rhymes, flip beats, nigga jamnastics
Your style hot now but they just can't last wit
Somethin like the rap sandcastle
Gone with the tide
I'm here for the season
Bend your ass over bitch 
I'm here for a reason
Cole breezin, flow freezin
This ain't spittin ho - I'm sneezin
Used to hit South Beach, stay at the Parisian
No fun nigga, low funds was the reason
Old school bed that the hoes got pleased in
Now them loes dos is what I throw peas in
Man talk about a come up
Niggas see me in the street, they talkin bout The Come Up
Or talk about The Warm Up
Aye nigga when yo album drop?
And why these little rappers like to run they mouth alot?
And J. Cole are you really from the south or not?
I see yo jeans, man them thangs musta cost alot
Aye do you get a chance to hang out with the boss alot?
Even them hatin niggas like you at the barbershop
Cole! yeaaa, thats my motherfuckin name
Nigga couldn't even watch the allstar game
Had to do the ole valentines day thang
Gotta play the game so my lady won't complain
3 or 4 days I'll be back on a plane
Do a couple shows where the people know my name
Look man the crowd full of pretty young thangs
If you gone do dirt then you can't leave a stain
Mane, tiger woods ya'll
He like the white girls
I like them hoods yall
She got her hair straight, she got a good job
She give the best brain, she got them good jaws
I got that good game, thats cause I'm good ya'll
J. Cole the little engine that could ya'll
And yea I'm comin for the top like I should ya'll
And bitch I'll never fall off 
Knock on wood ya'll
Cole


God help the hungry children
Help the homeless children
Help them to survive a World they can’t understand

God help the child who’s needy
Who deserves not pity
Help them to survive this cold and bitter land

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?

[Verse 1]
Yeah, this is the Ville, home of the fast-lifers
Where we get high and don’t come down, we gas righteous
Man, I wonder how hard to live my past life was
Cause this one hard, I could show you my scars
I ain’t crying tho..
Then save that pity for the next man
Or that girl getting beat down by her ex-man
Hey, hold your head, mama
I know you wish that nigga dead, mama
If I can find a way to kill him, I won’t have any drama
Damn mama, tell me who you love
This one is for the boy that sees his mama on drugs
I feel your pain, boy and just know that I been through the same, boy
That lady needs you more than ever
Don’t be ashamed boy
Cause when it rained, boy, that was your umbrella
The one that changed your pissy sheets when you was a young fella
And now she in the bedroom on her knees
Staring at the sky, screaming “Lord please!”
Tell me now

[Hook - J Cole]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

[Verse 2]
Soon as you cling on, my mind’s saying “be gone!”
I leave em with wrinkled foreheads, they now Klingons
Confused, cause friendship’s abuse and I’m sorry for it
My life performance been trifling, some nights I fight my conscience?
Was never given space, but I always heared the heart
Always miss playing the hand that was dealt the joker cards
It’s what I was feeling like, lonely low energy
Fallin slow clinically, ballin’ over we finna be
Don’t pity me ever, even when them haters answering
Mindstate of the victim, no victim, I’m just a champion
Money come in slow, God, intervene
Spirit’s never broken, I’m just focused, don’t pity me
No no no, you see this pain put a strain on my whole life
I seen the rain, seen my dreams turn to long nights
But all I ask is don’t pity me, no, no!
Don’t pity me, no, no, no!

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

I can’t cry about it
Nah, nah, be strong
Can’t cry about it
Hey

[Verse 3]
I freestyle life, can barely write the rent
Yearly income can barely keep this music life in check
Call up mama, hate to borrow money, with Christmas near
Hey you know what? How about we make each other gifts this year
Friends are calling me up, asking me if I’m signed yet
Who I’m working with? Am I making dollar signs yet?
Disappointment within their voices, do they pity me?
Disbelief, I’ma stay driven like them city streets
But ah, it seems like every day is rainy weather
Can barely fit my pain and poverty the same umbrella
But he don’t care, he don’t care, it’s hard to keep em dry
No more caterpillar, now you see him change: peeping Tom
This life’ll flash before your eyes
So get your match before your fire turns to ash
No more drive, no more gas, before you cry, get your last
Before you die, life your past with no regrets
Broken X, no looking back man

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won’t cry about it, I won’t cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
Yeah


Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

(How high)

Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

[Verse 1]
Visionary play your position, no missionary
But yet I pack Gospel in the quotes I spoke
You listening to the most high like the Pope on dope
Now picture that
My poetry’s deep now fish for that
Only real niggas catch something, phoney niggas fail
Shit you gotta feel like it’s only read in braille
Both did the crime but his homie didn’t tell
So he fucking bitches while he sitting lonely in a cell
Thinking well, what the hell I been on
They gave a nigga five then they threw another ten on
By the time I’m back on the streets like a bachelor
I gotta play the clubs like an old ass woman
Life is a movie, pick your own role
Climb your own ladder or you dig your own hole
Sit around crying that's like sitting round dying
You wanna touch the sky bitch you figure out flying

[Chorus]
Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo’ bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G’s
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo’ bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G’s
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

[Verse 2]
Hey, as the troubles of the world unfurl
My niggas hit the trees like squirrels
Tryna get a nut with your girl
Think I need to quit trying ‘fore some nigga out there try to hit mine
Karma for the karma sutra
A lot calmer when the ganja’s through ya
You need ya armour cause them niggas out here tryna shoot ya
Kinda crucial, police piranha, gon snatch you out that Honda
For stashing that marijuana
Yes, ya honour, I feel ashamed
I broke the law but look I’ll never smoke or steal again
In your courtroom wylin’ out, I don’t mean to keep smiling
But right now I’m high enough to probably steal a plane
Man, just look at me, what if I couldn’t read?
Would you throw the book at me
What if I’m feeling sad, am I supposed to look happy
It’s been a long time coming
Tell my nigga roll me up something

[Chorus]

No I don't smoke, maybe once in a blue
When the tention gets thick than there’s nothing to do
Through the windows of my soul, open the blind
My eyes get shut but I open my mind

How high, la la la la
how high, hey hey hey
how high, yeah yeah yeah yeah
How high, la la la la

Is that a shot that you threw little man?
I understand, you frustrated career ain't going how you planned
Make it worse, you’re friends, now when they talk rap
All you hear is “J Cole this” and “J Cole that”
It must be hard for your projects to take all that
I know your weak heart gotta break off that
Boy, look, Cole World this is your worst fear
I’m burning you niggas and I’m only in first gear
I’m serving you niggas this is only the first beer
12 months from now, you’ll be having the worst year
No tears for the haters, I’m still counting money
Cole ain't dropping, that's real fucking funny
Grade A dummy, sleeping on a nigga raps
Something like a mummy
But I’mma wake yo’ ass up
Something like your mommy on school day
I smoke two l’s with ya girl this is Cool J

How high
How high
How high, yeah
How high, yeah

What's love got to do, got to do with it
I get a little taste then I’m through with it
Yeah I send it right back to you with it


[Intro]
Yeah
Fresh off the motherfucking broadcast
And I’m here, fuego nigga
Yeah, hey, uh, it’s happening fast
Yeah, uh

[Verse]
I told niggas on the low, but they ain’t hear it though
Boy that man in the mirror is a miracle
Hey wipe your face, momma told you no more tears would flow
We eating better than we was a few years ago
Send you Western Union on my pay day, a week later it’s May day
So you returned the favor, we stayed afloat like some sailors
Bill collectors blowing us up, the couldn’t fade us
Bitch I made straight A’s, go ‘head, try and degrade us, haters
But this one’s funny: man one year later I was on them phones
Collecting money, a lesson for me: everybody’s got a story dog
Unfortunately learned I can’t do nothing for you dog
I’m trying to run the whole game like a morning jog
With hits like a porno blog
Not hopping out to shower to make ten dollars an hour
Ain’t judging though, to each his own
You pay your bills and raise your kids inside a decent home
More power to you, but a message to you fuck niggas
I hope your kids grow up and never wanna fuck with you
This punk nigga knocked up two hoes at the same time
And told this nigga they was lying dog, they ain’t mine
That’s cold blooded but ain’t nothing new
Same old, fuck it though, what’s up with you?
If you made it this far listening without skipping
Then I gotta show love, don’t worry I’m just venting
The late night thoughts of a nigga on a mission
And I rock my girl to sleep in missionary position
Tuck that ass in and then I went and grabbed a pen
And now you have it, words flowing like magic, it’s truly accurate
You niggas posing like some hoes up in a beauty pageant!
Nobody touching me, it’s like I got the cooties rapping
Remember when we called niggas African booty scratchers?
Yeah that was random, but man, so is life
You grab your needle, grab your thread, and hope you sew it right
I find myself fiendin’ for a spot to go at night
With the liquor flowing steady and the hoes polite
The fast lane makes me reminisce on slower life
The unabomber, bitch I’m blowing up over night (BOOM!)

[Outro]
Hey, yo, it’s happening fast
I say it’s happening fast
All the drama that I had to get past
Will it last? Or will it pass?
Just as quick as it came
Hoes knowing my name
Dog, welcome to fame
I pray to God we don’t change
But even if you don’t
Most niggas look at you strange
But I guess I can’t complain (Hey)
Hey man it’s happening fast
I say it’s happening fast
I say it’s happening fast


I wasn't looking for you
I wasn't searching
I wasn't creeping around
I wasn't lurking
I wasn't sleeping around
I wasn't thirsting
But, I got a thang for you
I got a thang for you

[Verse 1:]
You on ya job, and it damn sure workin'
Say she ain't a ho but she far from a virgin
When it's time to cut, I'm somethin' like a surgeon
I do my thang for you,
Hey baby girl you gotta trunk, I might put you in valet
Way you stretching make ya man think I put you in ballet
If I'm sliding through ya city I need you to dial me
And how much my niggas smoke reminded me of Friday
I can take you to DC introduce you to Wale
You can look all through my phone as long as you don't call Jay
Is it cool to parlay, we can do this all day
Just me and you off in my room
We call this to the hard way? Hard way!

[Hook:]
I put it down
Any spot any city that I'm in
Let the bad girls know we run the town
So pick up that cellphone and
Tell a friend, to tell a friend
I put it down!

Any spot, any city that I'm in
Let the bad girls know we run the town
And my niggas blow trees like the wind
So tell a friend, to bring a friend
Bring em in [x4]
If they all bad
You can bring em in
We take it to the... it's just you, me and them

[Verse 2:]
Now bring ya ass over here
A nigga tryna take you home like a souvenir
One in a million, girl you lookin' like you knew Aaliyah
And ah, I got a thing for you, I got a thing for you
A stewardess yet you flew the Lear
Cause you fly as hell shawty walking through the air
Game cold like the toes on a polar bear
And ah, I do my thang for you
Now baby girl if looks can kill then you catching bodies
How I'm stretching you there's no need to go to Pilates
When I'm sliding thru ya city meet me in the lobby
Then you put that thang up on me like you tryna rob me
Can I hit it in the morning? While you moaning probably
Got you sweating now you gettin' wet as a tsunami
We can do this all day, treat it like a high way
But if I tell you get to stepping like you Pam and Tommy
Don't mind me, I put it down!

[Hook:]
Any spot, any city that I'm in
Let the bad girls know we run the town
So pick up that cellphone and
Tell a friend, to tell a friend
I put it down!

Any spot, any city that I'm in
Let the bad girls know we run the town
And my niggas blow trees like the wind
So tell a friend, to bring a friend
Bring em in [x4]
If they all bad
You can bring em in
We take it to the... it's just you, me and them

[Verse 3:]
Did I meet you for a reason or for a season
Or either the night of ya life at the four seasons
Whisper to ya home girls ya love Cole world
Cause his flow thorough I give you a few more reasons
Not because his verse or cause I can buy purse
You know the type of shit that your man can only purchase on the first
And not because he faker than turf softer than Nerf football
I got his girl lip-gloss all on my girth
But cause I'm so cleaver better than who ever
The coldest nigga even when wearin' like four sweaters
Well versed, well rehearsed the go getter
These broke niggas got good dressing and no lettuce (ahhhh)
You would think niggas would know better
It's oh eleven, you would think niggas would flow better
I know you so fed up and so I had to blow and I ain't talking
Coke header, I won't let up

[Hook]


Just got off the phone my nigger smithy
Shit too real back home, bro. real

This for my niggers here, hold your head
I know shit rough but nigger we don't give up
We don't get mad nigger, we just get tough
We just get right nigger, we don't get left
Fuck what they said,
Cause what we learned coming up
You can't teach that shit
Like dealer nigger blows but we eat that shit
This one here's for my brothers we gonna beat that shit
Now, I say my prayers
I got, too many people in my head right now
So many that's in jail, or they're dead right now
One time for my nigger crag right now
He in the feds, damn the times change
And these stupid niggers talking 'bout crime pays
You can keep that shit, I just made a million
Call me when reach that shit
I ain't bragging, I'm just shedding some light
One time for my granny up in heaven tonight
And a young boy from a show down in hampton
Told me that my song was the reason he beat cancer
Didn't know what to say, I just froze
Little too deep I suppose
But after a year of review
I figured it out it wasn't me
It was you nigger, congratulations


Cole world, cold blooded
Trapping niggas at my shows and them hoes love it
Backpacking niggas with the afroes love it
So don’t holla at a nigga if you got no budget
Trying to get my braid up, nope not talking cornrolls
Trying to get my grade up, oh, look how my score rolls
Playing Jigga hits he say “good, make more of those”
Cole got delivery bitch, you got digornoes
They fucking with me because I’m real as shit
Well if you feel this shit, here goes some realer shit
I signed a big deal and went to the dealership
Man they took one look at my credit and said forget it
Now I’m in this train with a mil to my name
Ain’t shit changed because I still feel the pain
Like a gym or a rim dog, I’m built for the game
Something like a pimp because I’m still with the caine’
Unh, a little drug dealer reference what, I can’t try
These niggas out here lying, why can’t I
Flashbacks where my teacher told me I can’t fly
Then he looked at nigga crazy because I say why
Now look, no wings but I’m flier than the birds
Co-signer on a beamer, but it’s whiter than the burbs
Something like a genius, but man I’ve done been a nerd
Just choosing bad bitches while admiring the curves
That might have been a noun, that might have been a verb
But I’m just trying to find what you hiding in that skirt
Hey Cole got it coming now he might’ve been the first
So she only fuck with him like a choir in a church
Good God, momma told him get a good job
Be a doctor or a lawyer, if you’re black they won’t employ ya’
Well nigga I’mma show ya’, this that Jesse Jackson uh
Firmative; action so master I’m taxing uh
Don’t let the cover fool ya’, bitch I ain’t no freshman
In my own class man, I write my own passes
I hear the shots fired, yeah I see the stones casted
My shit is already fire, don’t gas it
Niggas hear my album say sound like a classic
Niggas say your album might not even see the plastic
Bastard, how you gonna match with a nigga
Who done mastered the shit you practice
Catch this, a real nigga til’ the day of my casket
Put on for my city like my favorite jacket
Man you gonna wear that every god damn night
Know that I’m paid for this shit, nigga you God damn right


Mo' liquor when we ride, toast niggas we alive
Gold diggers look inside, I ain't in the back
Me I'm in the front seat, driving like I'm one deep
If you wanna come see, you know where I'm at
Go getters on the rise, toast niggas we arrived
Old niggas step aside, ain't no coming back
Big things on my mind, switch lanes and recline
Get brains from a dime, How u love that?

[Verse 1]
Alone in my zone, tell me don't it sound stunning
Been fucked the world but she just now cummin'
If I ever fell off I would hit the ground runnin'
I ain't never been the one for fourth down puntin'
Aiming at a couple heads, bitch I'm crown huntin'
Red dots cause a nigga dread locks
So I lock pick just to lock shit back
I want Money, Power, Respect since the Lox said that
Better stay up on your toes, this is not tic tac
Yet, I'm a breath of fresh air, you can place your bets here
Ballin' like a Laker you should pray for next year
Cause I'm repeating and I'm three-peatin'
And I'm knee deep in the game its quick sand and I keep sinkin'
The label heat seekin', nigga ain't sign me, what the fuck was he thinkin'
They say I killed the game, that was only pre-season

I'm heavy
Lil nigga I'm heavy
I'm so heavy, I'm feeling heavy
Carolina I'm heavy
In New York I'm heavy
Out in LA I'm heavy
I'm so heavy

We got more liquor when we ride, toast niggas we alive
Gold diggers look inside, I ain't in the back
Me I'm in the front seat, driving like I'm one deep
If you wanna come see, you know where I'm at
Go getters on the rise, toast niggas we arrived
Old niggas step aside, ain't no coming back
Big things on my mind, switch lanes and recline
Do you love that?

[Verse 2]
No album to my name and I'm already hot, you can say I'm pre-heated
If money talks, mine telling your's "be seated"
Cut my leg off I wouldn't be defeated
Illest nigga in the game bitch and you can retweet it
Email the shit make sure you CC it
For these fuck niggas who don't wanna believe it
I be in the airport damn near bare foot
Security hollin' out, Cole we need it
Getting high as fuck and I don't even be weeded
No point drinkin' I can't even be faded
Real recognise real like they related
You ain't no fucking G boy, your style G-Rated
Hatred is flattery I'm glad to be hated
fuckin' bad bitches that would rather be dated
Carolina niggas just glad that he made it
My money was running late now, now it's happy belated

I'm heavy, nigga I'm heavy
I'm so heavy, I'm feeling heavy
Lil nigga in New York I'm heavy
Queens, I'm feeling heavy
Fayettenam nigga I'm so heavy
I'm feeling heavy
Lil nigga I'm heavy


[Chorus]
Is the whole world gunning for me, or is it just all in my mind?
If you want it, come and see me
I ain't got nothing but time
One day you’re gonna set me free
But first you gotta let me shine
Niggas ain't high as I be
See, look momma I’m flyin’

To Neverland, Neverland, Neverland
I’ll probably never land
Neverland, Neverland, noo, I’ll never never land

[Verse 1]
Check my fortune cookie, its that Cole World
Could that mean it’s meant to be?
So much drive a nigga coulda been a chauffeur
This life is fucking with me mentally
Fake niggas try to act like they a friend to me
I treat you lames how I see you lames, enemies
My good girl say they wanna know the inner me
My bad girl sayin’ fuck all that, enter me
Double shots, hennessy bring out bad tendencies
Try to cut something, need a volunteer, Tennessee
Anything to take my mind off
I logged on and made them muthafuckas sign off
I got the on my dick they’ll never climb off
I switch watches yet I never took time off (time off)
I don’t know whats worse, fake friends or fake fans
Both kissing ass for the chance to shake hands and damn

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I’m sorting through this, organised confusion to get my thoughts together
This shit is sounding like a movie you can watch forever
I gotta make it to the top, it’s either now or never
These other niggas can’t adapt because they not as clever
The shit they talk is more expensive but I doubt its better
She let that nigga make it rain but guess who got it wetter
Cold World, snow flurries in the hottest weather
And, so sick they can’t fix this with medi-cine
We at yo door and she gotta let us in
It’s what you want, I whet your appetite
Cole hit the scene now I’m what everyone rapping like
Shame you feel you have to bite
Still ain't nobody snapping right
Pedal to the metal as I’m speeding through the traffic lights
Bitch I gotta catch a flight, come on already
Still fight like I’m the underdog, I’m on already
Got a few niggas we bout to prove wrong, ya’ll already already

[Chorus]


Yeah
Still at it
Villmatic,
What a life we chose
I'm sending this out to those
Who fell down, but then rose
I'm hot, I'm hell bound with these flows,
Cole,
And when my story's told
Let it be known that I'd never fold
I took my time
I gave my soul
I watched you shine
But me I glow, so
I'm coming for what I'm owed
Ya know


Yeah, hey, Cole World

[Hook]
I got a dollar and a dream
That's all a nigga got
So if it's bout that cream
Then I'm all up in the spot
I got a dollar and a dream
Just a dollar and a dream

[Verse 1]
Walk with a nigga, I give you my pain
So much on my mind I wonder how it fit in my brain
Scattered thoughts, dark secrets lead me to a blacker heart
Life can't get any worse, Stevie with his glasses off
Cause I still don't see hope, lookin' for a quick fix
When everyone I see is broke, get lost in weed smoke
Knowing it make it worse, thoughts roam uncontrollably
Barely trustin' niggas, over a decade they been knowin' me
Shit, life at the bottom, nobody but God got em
They say he wouldn't leave me yet I'm fallin' like it's Autumn
Tell me, what do you do just when you're on your last dollar
And the stress and this mess you're in can make your ass holla?
Do you fold, grow bitter and grow cold?
No longer fightin' now the only thing you grow is old
Or do you flip that fuckin' dollar to a dream?
Whether a scholar or a fiend, watch a pawn become a king
Cole!

Young nigga with his jeans low
Nice guy just got a mean flow
Never seen rich but he's seen po'
Mr Dolla and a Dream in case you ain't know

[Hook]
That's all a nigga got
So if it's bout that cream
Then I'm all up in the spot
I got a dollar and a dream
Just a dollar and a dream

[Verse 2]
Yeah, armed and ready, you niggas strung out, you spaghetti
You paper, confetti, small time, y'all on one, I'm on mine
You logged off cause I'm online, small talk from small minds
I wanna buy the mall but there ain't shit in this small town
This where I get my dough
My niggas make sure the money right and then I rip the show
I run the town they tried to call me underground
I spun around like, you wish
Homie my backpack Louis, now watch just how I do this
I got the nerds rappin' hard shit, dummies rappin' smart shit
Mozart meets Humphrey Bogart with this from the heart shit
Play your part, life is but a dream for me
I get a flash of nightmares where niggas scheme on me
It's hard to see my enemies; who infiltrated my team?
I take a step back and notice that things ain't what they seem
That's when a nigga refocus, yeah I turn on them high beams
I got that red dot waitin', I'm wastin' your whole regime
I wish a nigga would, boy you can't out-smart me
I let you feel like you the shit, but boy you can't out-fart me
You never, have it, I know you want what I got
But nigga you ain't me, but you are what I'm not
And that's a phony ass, lonely ass, Cole is what you know me as
But we far from homies, if you know my mama, you know me
If you don't then well I'm sorry, you should get to know Kay
Man she been workin' too hard, I should send her a bouquet
My goal this year is a real one, gonna stack a million
And as soon as I do, mama that 9 to 5 is through
And I know I ain't been callin', but I'm thinkin' bout you
And all the shit that you been through
My girl and then my brother too
Cause this life get hard on this road, yeah it's true
I don't never tell you how much I be stressin', but I do
But I suck it up for who? My fans, and my mans
Who probably never ever had this type of lifestyle in they plans
Hoppin' in and out of vans, on the buses, on the planes
Gettin' brain from a bitch and thinkin' "God damn, what's her name?"
Sometimes I just shake my head and tell myself this is a shame
And then my other side kick in like "Bitch don't be so fuckin' lame"
Dang, what a life, another day, another night
At times this shit is all blurry, pray and hope that God heard me
Just for those praying for me, man I know that y'all worry
But I ain't never failed and you can bet I never will
Cole!

Young nigga with his jeans low
Nice guy just got a mean flow
Never seen rich but he's seen po'
Mr Dolla and a Dream in case you ain't know

[Hook]
That's all a nigga got
So if it's bout that cream
Then I'm all up in the spot
I got a dollar and a dream
Just a dollar and a dream

[Outro]
Hey
Cause nigga that's life, and trust me I'm livin'
Look what a nigga made out the shit that I was given
Look what a nigga made out
Look what a nigga made out
Got a dollar and a dream
Three


(I need that) Cole World
(I need that) Southside
Can't get enough, can't get enough
(I need that) Eastside, Westside, worldwide
Ride out

Now, I ain't got no kids yet, but this right here's for practice
I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet
But that's how good your ass is
Make an old man get his glasses, make Wesley pay his taxes
Then follow your moves all week on Twitter
Probably make a gay nigga reconsider
You now rockin' with the best, mane
Dress game down to the sex game
Won't brag, but the boy been blessed, mane
Let you play with the stick; Ovechkin
She callin', she textin', she's fallin', but let me explain
Gotta tell your old boyfriend skate, girl
'Cause a nigga don't play them ex games
Nope! Straight sexing, no handcuff or arresting
And I ain't coming off of my last name
'Cause I really can't take no stressing
'Bout where I done been, who I done hit
Your homegirl saying, "He a bad boy."
But I'm signed to the Roc
No time for the gossip, bitch, put down them tabloids!

[Trey Songz:]
She said "I heard you got a main chick
A mistress and some hoes
You be up to no good
And everybody knows
My home girls tried to warn me
They tried to let me know
But what you got, I need a lot
So I can't let you go"

[J. Cole:]
She said
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I can't get enough of what you got
Good god, you hit the spot
Tried to let go but I just could not
So don't you stop, I need that"

Hey, Globetrotter, Cole hotter, either way, out in London town
Hoes holla 'cause they love my sound, and I got love for the underground
Kweli, Pimp C, H-town where Bun get down
Met a bad bitch that'll cut all night, that'll suck all night, you just cut off lights
Almost missed my flight, tryna get my last lil' nut, all right?
She be down for whatever, whenever I wanna get up in the guts, all right?
Never fuss or fight, on the grind tryna find this lettuce
I love it when you give me head, I hate it when you give me headaches

[Trey Songz:]
She said "I heard you got a main chick
A mistress and some hoes
You be up to no good
And everybody knows
My home girls tried to warn me
They tried to let me know
But what you got, I need a lot
So I can't let you go"

She said
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I can't get enough of what you got
Good god, you hit the spot
Tried to let go but I just could not
So don't you stop, I need that"

Hey, Cole World, baby, ain't nothin' sunny
I see 'em hatin', but it ain't nuttin' to me
I'm from the Ville, where they bang for the money
And carry fo'-fives like change for a twenty
So what I look like scarred?
Them niggas over there look like nerds
Never mind that, girl, let's make a track
I'll beat the pussy up, that's the hook right thurr
That's the hook, right there
There's the hook, right there
Never mind that, girl, let's make a track
I'll beat the pussy up, that's the hook right thurr

[Trey Songz:]
She said "I heard you got a main chick
A mistress and some hoes
You be up to no good
And everybody knows
My home girls tried to warn me
They tried to let me know
But what you got, I need a lot
So I can't let you go"

She said
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I, can't get enough, can't get enough"
(I need that)
"I can't get enough of what you got
Good god, you hit the spot
Tried to let go but I just could not
So don't you stop, I need that


Uh
Yeah
Yeah
Uh

[Verse One]
I had this little bad thing somethin' like them 10's
She gave a nigga mad brain somethin' like the wiz
But you see the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have brains dummy like a bitch
So I tried to show her
About the world and about just who we really are
And where we've come and how we still have to go really far
Like baby look at how we live broke on the boulevard
But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra
Then all I really want is for her to go down low
Before you know it she wet enough to get drowned slow
And all that deep shit I was previously down for
Replaced by freak shit I am currently down for
You see I peeped it, pussy is power
That proud feelin' we get knowin' that pussy is ours
And how it feels to feel that feelin' you feelin' when you be drillin' that shit
Got her sayin' you be killin' that shit
And all the pain the world cause
She be healin' that shit
And nah that ain't your girl dog
But you be feelin' that chick
And you just wanna tell her everything she might need
But in the mean time it's lights please

[Hook]
Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright

Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright
Lights please

[Verse Two]
So now we in the hotel
Mirrors on the ceilin'
She say she wanna blow L's
I hear her and I'm willin'
But everytime I smoke well a nigga mind gone
So that every word I spoke well I'm tryin' to put her on
But she couldn't hear me
I told her all about how we been livin' a lie
And that they'd love to see us all go to prison or die
Like baby look at how they show us on the TV screen
But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans
Then all I really want is for her to get on top
Before you know it she workin' jerkin' it non stop
And all that next shit I was previously talkin'
Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in
And while that sweat drip I am reminded
All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin'
I'm findin' the more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same
Don't even know the rules but yet y'all tryin' to play the game
And ain't it shameful how niggas blame hoes for givin' birth
To a baby that took two to make
Coward nigga you a fake
How gon' look in your sons face and turn your back
Then go start another family dog what type of shit is that?
She said it's okay
Rubbed my head and told me to relax
Laid a nigga down proper like she was recordin' tracks
Said I know you wanna change the world
But for the night please
Just reach over and hit the lights please

[Hook]
Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright

Lights please
Lights please
Turn off the lights
For now everything just seems so right
And how you make darkness seem so bright
Feelin' like things gon' be alright
Lights please

[Outro]
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Uh uh uh
Lights please
Turn off the lights
Lights Please
Yeah
That's it


I'm drivin', nigga as soon as I get the text we all in the car like 'ahh, yeah nigga, we outta here nigga, yeah nigga! So we goin' crazy. We goin' crazy as fuck, we like super excited. Dog, ten seconds later, all I see in the back and hear is 'woop woop' blue lights right behind me, the fuckin undercover car, of all things. So I'm like fuck. I knew right away what it was. Dog, for the, for two and a half maybe three years before that, in New York, I was drivin dirty, my license was no good. Dog, how bout the moment I found out I was gonna the deal a fuckin cop got behind me and I already knew what it was. I handled it so like, I handled it the best way the best way you could ever go to jail like I went to jail knowin bitch like, ah know what I'm sayin? I'm in there dog, spendin the night in jail realizin like these niggas have no clue bitch I'm about to sign this. [laughs] That was the easiest night in jail a nigga could ever do son.


[Verse 1:]
I put my heart and soul in this game, I'm feelin' drained
Unappreciated, unalleviated
Tired of comin' up short, fuck abbreviated
Want my whole name spelled out, my own pain spilled out
No pain, no gain, I blow brains, Cobain
Throw flames, Liu Kang, the coach ain't help out, so I call my own shots
I'm David Blaine, I'm breakin' out of my own box, you stay the same
But homie if you change, may you change for the better
Back when Martin King had a thing for Coretta
Wonder if she seen all the dreams he was dreamin'
Did she have a clue of all the schemes he was schemin'
Still loved him just enough to put up with the cheatin'
Months go by and only see him for a weekend
I say a prayer, hope my girl ain't leavin'
We all got angels, we all got demons
As you fall through the club
Bad bitches down to do all the above
Money comes fast so bein' hungry don't last
Till you look in the mirror and you saw who you was
Cole World, it couldn't be more clearer
The time is now, couldn't be more herer
My reign gonna last like 3-4 eras
Say hello to the real, I can be your hero

[Hook:]
Hey, I'mma put us all on the map
Gone and I ain't lookin' back
I know they gone feel it like they tank on E
I promise baby, you can bet the bank on me
Cause can't nobody tell me what I ain't gonna be no more
You thinking I'mma fall, don't be so sure
I wish somebody made guidelines
On how to get up off the sidelines

[Verse 2:]
Up in 1st class, laugh even though it's not funny
See a white man wonder how the fuck I got money
While he sit at coach, hate to see me walk past 'im
Young black pants sag, headphones blastin'
Know what he askin', "how did he manage?"
"With all the cards against him, he used them to his advantage!"
Slang we be speakin' probably soundin' like Spanish
Then I fuck they heads up when a nigga show manners
Some New York niggas thought it was funny callin' us 'Bama
Laughin' at the grammar cause they didn't understand us
Must've thought we slow, but little do they know
I came up in here to take advantage of that shit y'all take for granted
Opportunity that I would kill for
Lookin' at rappers like "what the fuck you got a deal for?!"
When I was assed out with my funds low
It's nice to know I had the whole world at my front door

[Hook:]
Hey, I'mma put us all on the map
Gone and I ain't lookin' back
I know they gone feel it like they tank on E
I promise baby, you can bet the bank on me
Cause can't nobody tell me what I ain't gonna be no more
You thinking I'mma fall, don't be so sure
I wish somebody made guidelines
On how to get up off the sidelines

[Verse 3:]
I made it to the rack, even though they tried to box me out
I got the key to the game, they tried to lock me out
But what they don’t understand is this is all plan
It’s a bigger picture and you can’t photoshop me out
Some nigga ask me why Jay never shout me out
Like I’m supposed to give a fuck
Don’t you know that I be out in France
Where the fans throw they hands like Pacquiao
Not cause my looks, cause my hooks could knock Rocky out
And my lines is designed from the heart
Young Simba been a lion from the start
Dumb nigga’s, y’all been lyin from the start
My life’s like a movie, truly
And these niggas is dyin' for the part
But, you’ll never play me like LeBron vs. Jordan
Twenty years, wonder who they gone say was more important
Both changed the game, came through and made a lane
Who’s to say that who’s greater, all we know, they ain’t the same

[Hook:]
Hey, I'mma put us all on the map
Gone and I ain't lookin' back
I know they gone feel it like they tank on E
I promise baby, you can bet the bank on me
Cause can't nobody tell me what I ain't gonna be no more
You thinking I'mma fall, don't be so sure
I wish somebody made guidelines
On how to get up off the sidelines


Yeah, everybody got a bad side
Drop, let me see that shit
What you say Cole ain't hot? What!
Where you read that shit?
You believe that shit?
All cause some lame nigga tweet that shit
Have you seen my shows, have you seen my hoes?
If I wasn't hot would they be so thick?
Guess not, got the game in a headlock
I'm blasting at, I'm laughing at you old niggas, Redd Foxx
Don't mind me boy, I'm red hot
Umm nigga, they not,
I'm over here, I'm over there
I'm everywhere they not
(I said)
You'll never play me, nice try
Ballin' in the night spot
No more Mr Nice guy, hello Mr Nice watch
You don't want no problems, put yourself in a tight spot so
You can look but don't touch
I'll stay on my toes like them White Sox

[Hook:]
Cause it cost me a lot
My chain and my watch
They say time is money, but really it's not
If we ever go broke girl, than time is all we got
And you can't make that back, no you can make that back so
Let's ball while we here
Let's ball while we here
Like ain't no tomorrow, like ain't no next year
Drink away all our problems, make it rain with no care
Like I'll make that back, fuck it I'll make that back
Go

Nice watch
Nice watch (I know)
Nice watch
No more Mr Nice Guy, hello Mr Nice Watch

Stack on black, I ain't never been a high roller
Now it's racks on racks
Never thought that I would ride Rover
But I'm back on track, add to the fact that I never really drive sober
Cole World but I'm hot as shit
Do that mean that I'm Bi-polar?
Young black and gifted, I rap like it's Christmas eve
Coach wouldn't let him off the bench, no wonder why they quit the team
But, I'm cut from a different sleeve
Cole World so the wrist'll freeze
Hurry up with your pictures please
I gotta make history

[Hook:]
It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch
They say time is money, but really it's not
If we ever go broke girl, than time is all we got
And you can't make that back, no you can't make that back so
Let's ball while we here
Let's ball while we here
Like ain't no tomorrow, like ain't no next year
Drink away all our problems, make it rain with no care
Like I'll make that back, fuck it I'll make that back
Go

Nice watch
Nice watch (I know)
Nice watch
No more Mr Nice Guy, hello Mr Nice Watch

[Jay-Z:]
I got a Hublot I call it Tebow
I strap that bitch with a Gator band
Y'all niggas ball half time ya'll niggas like the gator band
Y'all niggas need a timeout, who got these niggas all wind up
Cocksucka I'm 7.30, y'all know where you'll niggas gon wind up
No more Mr Nice Guy, hello Mr Nice Watch
Only but a matter of time 'fore I hit ya'll niggas with the nice shot
Y'all niggas, better not call the law
Get no blood on my Audemar
Meaning ya'll better not waste my time
When y'all ready I'll take you all to war
Meanwhile I'm just chopping off doors
Put the front on the back cause I'm back and forth
Put the front on the back of the 'bach like a boss
So I fronting on niggas when I'm backing off
Uh, what up Cole, It's your time
Let these niggas know
Adjust ya Roley's on these muthafucking hoes
Whenever you ready, go!

[Hook:]
It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch
If we ever go broke, girl, then time is all we got
(Oh yeah, oh yeah)


[Intro:]
I think it's gonna be a hell of a night, a hell of a night
So we could do whatever you like, hey hey

[Verse 1:]
It took me all day to find some inspiration
It just hit me like a ton of bricks, no renovation
Problem with the game now, it ain't no innovation
I see my shit all in your shit, we call that imitation
And they say that's flattering, but I ain't flattered at all
Matter fact y'all need to practice that more
See my man Nate asked me if I gained weight
I said nah, my pockets got fatter, that's all
Money was an issue, but now that that's solved
I ball, I ball, like Kobe in the fall
Put trophies on my wall, rather trophies on my mantle
Dog my shows be off the handle, take the proceeds go to gamble
Ha! Bet it on black and pray, I quadruple my salary
If I win, maybe then I could pay Sallie Mae
Told her I be dealin' with some real-life shit
She be askin' "When?", bitch, when I feel like it

[Hook:]
Cole World, Cole Life, Cole Blooded
I be on my shit, and look at, all the hoes love it
Got a hundred fifty bitches in the club starin' at me
How that feel? Very happy

I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here

[Verse 2:]
Uh, turn up the 808's for me
Back when I was starvin' no one made a plate for me
Now I do it big and that's my day to day story
I got the type of shit that make a hater say sorry
bitch I made this in the crib watchin' Belly
Eatin' peanut butter jelly, what the fuck the niggas tell me
They say I'm takin' long, I tell em patience is a virtue
I'm goin' all out and bitch I never had a curfew
See when you're spittin' so real
Suddenly these phony niggas lose they appeal
Got em feelin' like my niggas when they lose, they appeal
Then it's back to the cell, back to the hell
At times I watch the news and see they talkin' 'bout diplomacy
And they ain't got a clue my niggas ain't got they diplomas, see
Rappers show me love, I wonder what it could be
I think they scared of me, and they should be

[Hook:]
Cole World, Cole Life, Cole Blooded
I be on my shit, and look at, all the hoes love it
Got a hundred fifty bitches in the club starin' at me
How that feel? Very happy

I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here
I got what you need right here, right here

[Outro:]
Come pull me outta here
I think it's safe to say we outta here
We outta here
I think it's safe to say we outta here

I think it's gonna be a hell of a night, a hell of a night
So we could do whatever you like, hey


[J. Cole]
Baby you summertime fine, I let you get on top, I be the underline
I'm trying to get beside you like the number 9, dime
You fine as hell, I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell
But well, I'm wondering what type of shit you wantin'
Do you like the finer things or you a simple woman
Would you drink with a nigga, do you smoke weed
Don't be ashamed, it aint no thing, I used to blow trees
Gettin lifted, I quit but shit, I might get high with you
Its only fitting cause I'm looking super fly with you
A flower, you are powerful, you do something to me
cause girl I caught the vibe like you threw something to me
So i threw em back, now all my niggas hollerin, who was that
Oh boy, she bad nigga, what you bout do with that
I'm finna take you home, just sip a little patron
Now we zonin', baby you so fine

[Chorus]
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
The sun rising while you moanin'

And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
And can I hit it in the morning
The sun rising while you moanin'

[Drake]
Uh, baby you winter time cold
The night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow
I'm trying to make the goose bumps on your inner thigh show
I'll let you beat me there as far as finish lines go
Yeah, and if you gotta leave for work,
I'll be right here in the same bed that you left me in
I love thick women cause my aunt, she rode equestrian
I used to go to the stables and get those kids to bet me
And I would always ride the stallions whenever she let me
I'm joking, I mean that thing is poking
I mean you kinda like that girl that's in the US Open
I mean I got this hidden agenda that you provoking
I got bath water that you can soak in
Things I could do with lotion
Dont need a towel, we could dry off in the covers
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
Yeah, when lights coming through the drapes and we both yawning
I roll over and ask if..

[Chorus - Drake]

[J. Cole]
Hey, hey, God Bless the child that can hold his own
God Bless the woman that can hold patron
God Bless the homegirl that drove us home
No strings attached, like a cordless phone
You see my intentions with you is clear
I'm learning not to judge a woman by the shit that she wears
Therefore, you shouldnt judge a nigga off of the shit that you hear
Get all defensive, apprehensive, all because my career
To be fair, I know we barely know each other and yeah
Somehow I wound up in your bed so where we headin from here
Just say you're scared if you're scared but if you through frontin' we can do somethin
And you know just what I'm talking about, tomorrow you'll be calling out
Cause tonight we getting right into the wee morn'
Cooking nigga breakfast after sex is like a reward
Then I go my own way and you think about me all day, thats just a warning

[Chorus]


[Verse 1]
Baby girl, I can’t imagine what it’s like for you
I got you pregnant now inside there is a life in you
I know you wonderin’ if this is gon make me think bout wifing you
Like if you had my first child would I spend my whole life with you
Now I aint tryna pick a fight with you, I’m tryna talk
Now I aint tryna spend the night with you
I’m kinda lost see
I’ve been giving it some thought lately and frankly
I’m feelin’ like we aint ready and it’s… hold up now
Let me finish
Think about it baby me and you we still kids ourself
How we gon raise a kid by ourself?
Handle biz by ourself
A nigga barely over 20, where the hell we gon live?
Where am I gon get that money
I refuse to bring my boy or my girl in this world
When I aint got shit to give ‘em
And I’m not with them niggas who be knocking girls up and skate out
Girl, you gotta think bout how the options weigh out
What's the way out?

[Chorus]
And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it
And girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect
Then we could make it work but I doubt it
And I aint too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it
And girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect
Then we could make it work but I doubt it

[Verse 2]
She said nigga you got the nerve
To come up to me talkin’ bout abortion
This my body nigga so don’t think you finna force shit
See I knew that this is how you act, so typical
Said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals
It figures though, should’ve known that you was just another nigga
No different from them other niggas
Who be claiming that they love you just to get up in them draws
Knowing all the right things to say
I let you hit it raw mothafucker
Now I’m pregnant you don’t wanna get involved muthafucker
Tryna take away a life, is you God mothafucker?
I don’t think so
This a new life up in my stomach
Regardless if I’m your wife
This new life here I’mma love it
I ain't budging, I’ll do this by my muthafucking self
See my momma raised me without no muthafucking help from a man
But I still don’t understand how you could say that
Did you forget all those conversations that we had way back
Bout your father and you told me that you hate that nigga
Talkin’ bout he a coward and you so glad that you aint that nigga
Cause he left your mamma when she had you and he ain't shit
And here you go doin’ the same shit
You ain't shit nigga!

[Chorus]
And I aint too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it
And boy that shit hurt
And aint nobody perfect, still we can make it work but you doubt it
Now, I aint too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it
And boy that shit hurt
And aint nobody perfect, still we can make it work but you doubt it

[Verse 3]
They say everything happens for a reason
And people change like the seasons
They grow apart she wanted him to show his heart and say he loved her
He spoke the magic words and on the same day he fucked her
Now she wide open
She put a ring up on his finger if she could
But he loved her cause the pussy good
But she aint no wife though
Uh oh, she tellin’ him she missed her period like typo’s
He panicking, froze up like a mannequin
A life grows inside her now he asking “is it even mine”
What if this bitch aint even pregnant dawg
Could she be lying?
And she be crying cause he acting distant
Like ever since I told you this nigga you acting different
And all his niggas saying man these hoes be trapping niggas
Playing with niggas emotions like they some action figures
Swear they get pregnant for collateral
It’s like extortion, man if that bitch really pregnant
Tell her get an abortion
Uh, but what about your seed nigga?
(What about your seed nigga?)

And I aint too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it
And I aint too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes
I cry sometimes about it


[J. Cole:]
This is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggas that hated
Old hoes we dated, look mama, we made it
Your son out in Barbados, cheese eggs and potatoes
Smokin' weed on the beach as my mind workin' like Plato
Analyzin' the world, fantasizin' about girls
I'm handin' diamonds and pearls and vandalizin' her curls
Sweating her weave out, moans as she breathes out
Fuck I'm doin' in parties with Hova and Steve Stoute
I step over piranha, death over dishonor
They killing niggas for J's, that's death over designer
Hey Cole heatin' up like that left-over lasagna
Remember when I used to be stressed over D'wana
Now a nigga only text and get stressed over Rihannas
I'm talkin' tens and better, hood bitches in Timbs and sweaters
And we always argue about the same thing
Tell me why we gotta argue about the same thing, same thing?
Well

[Missy Elliott:]
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect ey, ey
But you're perfect for me
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect ey
But you're perfect for me

We rollin', we ridin'
He like to go inside and
I love to go all night and
We rock the boat, Poseidon
I love to call your name, name, name
Baby I love to call your name, name, name

[J. Cole:]
Oh yeah, to my college girl, take the weekend off and come home soon
I graduated way too long ago to be sneakin' all in your dorm room
But that thing tight like Fort Knox
So I call you when the tour stops
But baby where your roommates, did you make sure the door's locked?
She love it when we get together
Smoke a little weed but her shit together
Now that I'm on, I can pick and choose
Only fuck with hoes who got shit to lose
Yeah, I heard the stories about different dudes
Her man on campus but it's fine by me
She say she only fucked like 4-5 niggas
So you know you gotta multiply by 3

[Missy Elliott:]
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect ey, ey
But you're perfect for me
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect ey
But you're perfect for me

We rollin', we ridin'
He like to go inside and
I love to go all night and
We rock the boat, Poseidon
I love to call your name, name, name
Baby I love to call your name, name, name


Yeah... hey, wassup girl

[Verse 1:]
Uh, angel eyes, long hair
I see you cryin', what's wrong there
He did what? He fucked who?
We know the story, what's new?
See I could probably, rush you
Tell you that he should have loved you
Take advantage, fuck you
Tell you I'll do all the shit he wouldn't do
But the truth is, we all the same
On different teams, but it's all a game
The objective, tryna score
You got a wife, you find a whore
You fuck her fast, she find her drawers
Pull up her pants, you find the door
You drive her home, she mop you off
You bust again, and drop her off
Then repeat like an episode
Why we cheat? I'll never know
Is it cause we rap? Heavens no
Lotta niggas rap though, never blow
A heterosexual, girl you fine, from head to toe
Could it be cause my father let me know
That he cheated, and somehow I never told
I never told

"Hey, you wanna be a man?
Yeah I wanna be a man
A man don't run and tell his mama everything he see
I ain't gonna tell
Alright, alright then man. Be a man then..."

[Verse 2:]
OK, that's what it is, I see the game
The hoes come, the seasons change
The hoes go, we rearrange
Fuck up her life, she'll never be the same
The old G's that beat the game
Forever young, Peter Pan
35, still playin', child support, still payin'
Jugglin', bill payin'
Been runnin' round, field dayin'
Wine and dine, meal payin'
With hopes that she'll land
The bed and, get wet then, give head then
You bet man, the same girl who said we just met man
Game colder than the fuckin' dead man
One night stands, no best man
No bridesmaids, or reverends
Cause Wolverine's depressin', don't wanna be your ex man
Cause cupid aims and throw the darts
There go the sparks and broken hearts
Who wanna build Noah's Ark
Just to have that shit torn apart

"You know what? I need to talk to you
About what?
I don't think this is, working out for us
Why?
I mean, I need some space. I mean no, I just wanna find myself, that's all
What the fuck?!"


[Intro: Jay-Z]
There's a nigga right now somewhere
He at the table with a bowl of Apple Jacks
And he's reading the back of the cereal
And in between eating the Apple Jacks he's writing some shit
And he wants my spot
I'mma find him though, I'mma sign him..
I don't want no problems

[J. Cole:]
Like we always do at this time, Cole blowin' your mind
Hey dummy, this no accident, all of this was designed
Took my time, crept from behind
And I opened up your blinds, rise and shine, Cole World
Same nigga used to drive around with yo girl
In my mama's Civic, now I'm out here tryna get it
I ain't like you lame ass niggas, boy I spit it how I live it
So when you see me in the streets, man I ain't got a mimic
Cause I ain't got an image to uphold, this real shit
I ain't got a gimmick I just flow and niggas went nuts for
The boy that set fire to the booth
In a game full of liars it turns out that I'm the truth
Some say that rap's alive, it turns out that I'm the proof
Cause the ones y'all thought would save the day can't even tie my boots
The ones y'all thought could hang with me can't even tie my noose
Let these words be my bullets nigga, I don't rhyme I shoot, bang!

Before I wake
I pray to the Lord, my soul to take

Lord I been dreamin' bout the paper, get rich 'fore I see my life taper
Hope my mama get to see Jamaica before she meet her maker
I hoop was never good enough to ever be a Laker
But these words I record got me ballin', Jordan
More than a rapper this a natural disaster
Boy, I'm meaner than Katrina mixed with Gina, "Shut up, Cole!"
This is for my niggas back home, homes, what up, bo?
This is for the bitches that played me, what up, ho?
Nah I ain't mad, it's sad, you went from bad to real bad
Two kids that don't even know their real dad
Real sad, baby girl I wish you still had it
Then maybe you could get a taste of livin' Villematic
Is Cole still at it? Y'all be talkin' about the same shit
That's how I feel about it, mama was a real addict
That's why I don't respect that lyin' ass white shit you talkin'
Cole's planning funerals, you might fit the coffin

Before I wake
I pray to the Lord, my soul to take

Get on your job lil mane, this ain't Saturday
We in two different lanes, you can't navigate
We in two different games, you playin' patty cake
Brother you're lame, you're Shane Battier
You out of shape, my mind run a mile a minute
The sky's the limit, I'm so high, I'm divin' in it
My rides is tinted, my knob's gettin' slobbed up in it
She hollerin' God, man you would've thought that God was in it
But it's just a nigga God invented
The best out, foolish pride'll make you not admit it
But if this shit ain't fire nigga, why you noddin' with it?
The hate in your blood can't stop your soul from vibin' with it
Now you all conflicted cause my flows is wicked
And my hoes is thicker and all of yours is pickin' me
Cause they know a star when they see a star, nigga
Ain't even got to fuck him to know he a raw nigga
I got her in my bedroom, but cheer up, nigga
You saved so many hoes, you a hero, nigga!
Medal of honor, I'm feelin' on top like Pac
When he slept with Madonna, hey, this is death before dishonor
Get arrested and forget to tell my mama
She got enough to stress about, my niggas gonna get me out
Then we hit the club with the thugs and the liquors
No criminal record but I'm makin' criminal records
Isn't it ironic? Isn't it iconic?
Jacket so expensive you wouldn't even try on it
But it fit me perfect, I purchase it if I want it
The city on my shoulder, so no girl, you can't cry on it
When you make a list of the greatest aye, am I on it?
Maybe not yet but bitch I got the clock set
It goes tick-tock, game on lock
Son gon' shine but the reign won't stop, oh no

If I should die before I wake
I pray to the Lord my soul to take
My soul to take, my soul to take


Up up and away...
Do you trust me...
Would you love me...
Then it must be...

[Verse 1:]
Worldwide stunner, oh man, I'm a
Reign on the game, make it storm and thunder
Grab an umbrella bitch, and go stand under
And bundle up, it's gonna be a cold ass summer
You niggas so last summer
Onto the new, on-on to the new shit
Jigga wouldn't even take my CD when he seen me
Two years later bitch we made it on, on to the Blueprint
Now how's that for persistence
Cole World comin', call back up assistance
Same broads, used to hang up on my walls
Now they come up out their drawers, how's that for a mistress
Hell bent, heaven sent, Lord I repent if I ever sinned
Now I know I ain't the richest, but I still wanna ball
Put money over bitches but we still underdogs

[Hook:]
Did you miss me?
No I don't know where I'm goin', but I'm goin', now is you comin' with me?
Up, up and away, hey, do you trust me?
If I was on my last dollar, dead broke, assed out, would you love me?
Then it must be a match made in heaven
God's Gift
God's Gift
God's Gift
Motherfucker this is God's gift

[Verse 2:]
Pussy my passion
Man I just can't help it I see a cookie, I grab one
Lookin' for some nookie, I'm tryna scoop me a bad one
Every verse I spit it just like it could be my last one
Ever since I got on
I've been on a mission to fuck the bitches I missed out on
Ex-cheerleader hollerin' what's up
Now her nigga beat her, now that's fucked up
What type of little fuck boy hit a
Woman, bet he wouldn't put his hands on a nigga
I ain't bitter boy that's all you
Plus I just fucked her 'fore she called you
Dry your eyes baby, I'll drive you home
Older hoes sayin', my how you've grown
I came up, fucked the game up
Show my momma I'll survive on my own

[Hook:]
Did you miss me?
No I don't know where I'm goin', but I'm goin', now is you comin' with me?
Up, up and away, hey, do you trust me?
If I was on my last dollar, dead broke, assed out, would you love me?
Then it must be a match made in heaven
God's Gift
God's Gift
God's Gift
Motherfucker this is God's gift


[Verse 1:]
Look, I just shed tears homie and now I ain't too proud to admit it
Just seen my father for the first time in a minute
And when I say a minute I mean years man
Damn, a whale could have swam in them tears fam
Cause as I left them I reflected on my younger days
When it was just me and my brother and my mother played
Father, cause no other man bothered
Not even my biological, it never seemed logical
But I accepted it cause I ain't know no better
Thought I was brighter than a Polo sweater
No pops was like Martin with no Coretta
So many things you could have told me
And saved me the trouble of lettin' my mistakes show me
I feel like you barely know me
And that's a shame cause our last name is the same
That blood type flowin' through our veins is the same
My mama left you and maybe your anger's to blame
But that's no excuse, only you and God know the truth
And why you only call monthly, barely ever saw me
Spend some summers with you and played with my cousin Maury
Maybe I should be tellin' you fuck you cause you selfish
But I want a father so bad, I can't help it

I break down, I break down
Can't help but break down
I break down

[Verse 2:]
I never thought I'd see my mama on that shit man
It's fuckin' with her body, now she sick damn
I wanted a big house with a white picket fence and a pool
Who would have ever thought that it would come to this, man?
Quicksand is what this life feel like
That shit these rappers kick is nothin' like real life
You made a milli off of servin' hard white, yeah right
My mama tell you what addicted to that pipe feel like
Stupid niggas, I heard the cops be shootin' niggas
I swear to God, wish I could bullet proof my niggas
Can't get no jobs, but they still recruitin' niggas
We tryna stand tall when it gets to crucial niggas

Break down! We break down, we break down, we break down...

[Verse 3:]
Servin' time, locked down
And she don't want nobody to know, his daughter 25 pounds
By the time he get out, she gon' be 4
Now will his girl stay down?
Ain't no doubt, she love him yeah that's fo sho
But temptation stays round
And if she strayed, how could he ever know?
Never know and so, she goes to the club on the weekend
A little freakin', but them niggas holla
But she never speakin', but tonight I see the devil creepin'
Cause she been lonely, she ain't felt a man in 7 seasons
Damn! She do the best that she can
Her mama tellin' her to find another man
She college educated with a felon boyfriend
That's what she thinkin' tonight
Maybe she's right, but please

Stay down mama! Gotta be strong, don't break down mama!
Please... stay down mama! Gotta be strong, don't break down mama!
Don't break down, don't break down, don't break down, don't break down...

Break, break down
Steady break me down
[repeat]


I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me.

Hey, we got a good thing.
Don't know if I'mma see you again.
But is that a good thing?
'Cause, girl, I can't be your man.
No, ma'am.
I know what's on your brain.
You're probably hope it never would end.
Like is it the real thing
Or is it just a one-night stand?
Well, then...

Let me see you get high and go low.
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I'm here for one night. How far will you go?
I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me.

High and go low.
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I'm here for one night. How far will you go?
I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me.

She like them boys with the big old chains
Ride around town in the big old Range.
I knew her when I rock big old chains.
Now the little nigga doing big old things.

Would you look at that? I came back for it
Just to give it to you like you aksed for it.
Man, that thing in them jeans too fat for it.
It rebounds, so, I caught off the backboard.

I told her, "Baby girl, come here.
Know I run the town even when I ain't from there.
And I brag hardly,
but just to show up at this party
I made what your nigga make in one year.
that's unfair."

but so is life: take a chance, roll a dice.
Money can't buy you love 'cause it's over-priced.
Don't over-think, just hope it's right.
I'm only here for the night.

Hey, we got a good thing.
Don't know if I'mma see you again.
But is that a good thing?
'Cause girl I can't be your man.
no, ma'am.
I know what's on your brain.
You probably hope it never would end.
Like is it the real thing
Or is it just a one-night stand?
Well, then...

Let me see you get high and go low.
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I'm here for one night. How far will you go?
I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me.

High and go low.
Now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor?
I'm here for one night. How far will you go?
I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me.

Carolina blue kicks fresh on the scene.
Hottest nigga on the block. Damn, girl, you're mean.
They be starting shit, but it's your world.
On my Martin shit you go, girl.

She bad and she know it. Some niggas save hoes.
I'm not that heroic.
Could you be my escort?
'Cause just like them two-door Fords.
Damn, they don't make 'em like you no more.

Cole World, real Cole World.
Them boys cool. Me. I'm on fire.
Know what's on my mind.
Tryna see what's on yours tonight, tonight, tonight.

Move slow 'cause you wanna live fast.
Up late, so, you'll probably skip class.
Life is a test.
so before the night pass
get right get right.

Hey, we got a good thing.
Don't know if I'mma see you again.
But is that a good thing?
'Cause girl I can't be your man.
no, ma'am.
I know what's on your brain.
You probably hope it never would end.
Like is it the real thing
or is just a one-night stand?
Well, then...

Cole World.

Straight up. Now tell me do you really wanna love me forever—
Oh, oh, oh—
Or is it just a hit-and-run?

Well, hey.

Straight up. I tell you I just really wanna cut when we're together.
Oh, oh, oh.
Come here, girl, let's get it on.

Work out for me, work out for me.

Straight up. Now tell me do you really wanna love me forever—
Oh, oh, oh—
Or is it just a hit-and-run?

Well, straight up. I tell you I just really wanna cut when we're together.
Oh, oh, oh.
Come here, girl, let's get it on.

Work out for me, work out for me.


Who dat who dat, the nigga you been waitin 4.
I mean the shit was all bad just a week ago.
Rappers is bull shittin. Fuck it,
I ain't hatin though
Cuz Now a nigga hot enough to
fuck with one of satin's hoes.
& She cant tell the difference.
I been through hell conditions.
Wishin for air conditions
feelin God was never listenin.
Now I'm on television
And did I fail to mention?
Your bitch is tired of missionary,
boy you failed the mission.
Speakin of positions? Just witness
how I elevated. Real niggas celebrate it, finger-fuck
whoever hate it. My life accelerated,
but had to wait my turn. But then I redecorated,
that means my tables turn. Live life, might as well,
only way to learn. Is try and fail clientele
the only way to earn. So if you're sellin crack..
or if you're sellin rap. Make sure it's mean
so them fiends keep on trailin back.

[Chorus]
Who dat who dat bitch I got the flame [x3]
So don't worry bout no muthafuckin name

The Mind state of a winner.
When you thinkin bout summertime
i'm thinkin bout the winter.
When you thinkin bout breakfast,
I'm heatin up my dinner. I was plottin this
moment back when yall was ridin spinners.
Now I'm a menace. God as my witness, with this pen I'm insane, yup.
Hungry like the nigga who ain't got the taste of fame yet.
Cloud told me "ain't you roc? well? where the fuck yo chain at?"
Guess it's somethin like your girl, nigga it aint came yet.
The man make the chain chain dont make the man
how many niggas do we know with hella ice but yet they lame
the cloth from which we came me and them is not the same
Like we all headed to spain, they took the boat I took the plane.Dang
That boy sick.Now Hoes on his joystick. Heatin up like may weather dog
I'm on that floyyd shyt.
Boy stick, to ya day job.
Said you was hot but they lied.
Is that ya girl? Well I just g'd her/jeter no a rod.

[Chorus]

[Andre 3000]
Now who else wanna fuck with hollywood cole?!

The lil engine that could
this lil nigga is good
rappers claiming they sick I heal niggas for good
a couple of yall aint took a field trip to the hood
ay me I'm fresh prince I'm will smith to the hood Baby!
aint sayin names but we not the same
all that money and the fame dont change the fact that u lame
might wanna grab you a chain wanna tip up your hat
might wanna purchase some game homie your shit is so wack!!!
i got my finger on the trigger tell that nigga hold datt
boy I'm picture perfect baby you can check the Kodak
hey so anything you can do I can do better
and you chick you can screw I can get wetter
im young black get to live my life on the run!
bet ya bottom dollar before I'm done
they I'm the oneeeeeee
yeah nigga I'm the onee HA!!

[Chorus]


[Verse 1]
Hey, her mind is on a different level
Plus the teachers couldn't reach her, always been a rebel
Hit the club, watch out boy, you dancin' with the devil
She fuck, she suck, she swallow man, it's like a triple double
Can see it in your eyes, you look for trouble
Just because they fuck yo girl don't mean them niggas love ya
She said, "Don't preach to me nigga, hold up
Is that a bottle on your table, well if so then pour it up"
"Bet you I can drink it straight without even throwin' up"
She said "Daddy, what you think?",
"Little girl you're growin' up, growin' up"

[Hook]
Hey, take a couple of shots and it's on
"Bet you I can drink it straight without even throwin' up"
She said "Daddy what you think?"
"Little girl you're growin' up, growin' up"
Hey, listen baby girl they playin' your song

Mama couldn't never reach her
Brother tried his best to teach her
She thinks she's ready for the world
Just look at daddy's little girl
[x2]

Daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl
She's daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl

[Verse 2]
Can I get a witness, this is Shawty mixed with Shawty Lo
Ey Jezebel, why you be up in every party for?
You lost to lookin' for a savior, I ain't Mario
I got no cape, but I can't wait to give you cardio
Work you out, you call me daddy, ain't my daughter though
Make me wonder where your father go?
She said, "Don't analyze me nigga, hold up
Is that green on your table? Well if so then roll it up,
I can take it to the face without even throwin' up"
She said "Daddy what you think?"
"Little girl you're growin' up, growin' up"

[Hook]
Hey, and blow a couple stacks and she gone
Said, "I can take it to the face without even throwin' up"
She said "Daddy what you think?"
"Little girl you're growin' up, growin' up"
Hey, listen baby girl they playin' your song

Mama couldn't never reach her
Brother tried his best to teach her
She thinks she's ready for the world
Just look at daddy's little girl
[x2]

Daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl
She's daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl


Can I holla at you? Lemme holla at you.

[Verse 1: Special]
Never forget the day I met you
We was destined for each other like a,
Son to his mother or a sister and brother, man this bond is deep
We go a couple years and don’t even speak, but know it’s love though
Could never let em’ dirty your name I got the utmost respect for you,
Came back home and had to check for you,
Word 'round town is you locked down
Some older niggas snatched you up gave you a rock now
Damn, hey could it be, she like “if you was me you wouldn’t wait for me
Living fast you wouldn’t mash the brakes for me”
Big city slicker nigga on a higher track
Bigger now but when she send a letter always write her back
And time revealed, she feels that she settled too soon
While she see me go for mines and she admire that
We speak about time as if we could just buy it back
If only it was that simple, damn I miss you

[Hook]
Can I holla at you,
Can I holla at you,
Lemme holla at you,
Yeah I know its been a while, but ain’t no better time than now
Can I holla at you,
Can I holla at you,
Ay, let me holla at you
Yeah I know its been a while, but

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
You betrayed me,
The day you played my momma you played me
Can’t believe I let you in my heart nigga
I should’ve, followed my instincts a stranger in my house
Only five years old but sensed danger in my house
I was too young too scrap you but damn if I ain’t want to
I'm blowing up fast and I hope these words haunt you
Uh, thirteen years knew you more then my real pops
Put me on to ‘Pac, and all the rappers that killed cops
Who would’ve thought you’d leave my momma high and dry
Last words to a bitch nigga “why you lie?”
Feeling bitter so these words might seem jumbled
When you left I watched that lady crumble
I know by now you probably a old man,
But I still I feel I won’t be satisfied until we throw hands
For all the ass whoppin's
Heard you tryna’ talk to, tell that punk don’t call me
You ain’t shit and I’m scared it rubbed off on me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
I heard you on that shit I hope it ain’t true
Was hard to holla at you last time I came through
Could barely recognize you, naw nigga this ain’t you
Cause you ain’t lookin’ like that nigga that I once knew
And plus you act like you don’t know me
We was homies, now you call me by my rap name
See me do my thing, so you expecting me to act strange
Ain't holla'ed but you on my mind nigga
I dont forget the good times nigga
White tee’s in the club, jeans baggy as fuck
Sometimes I look back on my life, that was the happiest stuff
You had potential to be monumental, ville mentality
You know that old kill or be killed mentality
I look at where you at now it’s a, real fatality
Cause where you supposed to be is on top, close to me
Chasin’ hoes like the old days,
But now we overseas, dawg
Congratulations on your seat
Yo my nigga can I holla at you?

[Hook]


Tick
This for my niggas in the fourth quarter
Just watchin that clock tick...

[Verse 1:]
Said at what point do you start seein' bread?
Been out hustlin' for years, shoe box right under my bed.
I moved the work out my momma house got me a lil ol' crib
I always fantasized if I had went to college instead.
Would I be happily married instead of broke and unwed?
My nigga made a major move I said I hope for the best.
I told my sister as I kissed her cheek, I'm better off dead.
Cuz fuckin' with this white its all been downhill like a sled.
Now I understand they say you make your own bed.
But tell me who supplied these sheets with this cheap ass thread?
In denial 'bout the feds, he can't see past bread.
Now do exactly what the man in the ski mask says, okay?
These are the times, survival my only crime
I gotta be on my grind, a lot of my homies gone.
Inside me Lord I know its a lie that we gon' be fine
But mama I'm tired of cryin', just lie to me one more time
Cuz it's crunch time

[Hook]
Cuz it's crunch time
Shit real man, a nigga got bills
Dog it's crunch time
It's crunch time
Shit real man, a nigga got bills

[Verse 2:]
Look, scavenge these records of these days, MP3’s
Looking for the samples to put a nigga on MTV’s
This is for niggas with empty dreams and empty jeans
Still holdin' on to the word maybe
Cuz this 9-5 shit is driving you stir crazy
Comin home tired just to hear it from your lady
Hollin' 'bout your baby, need this and need that
And all you want is peace and quiet,
Maybe some feedback on these raps
Cuz labels ain't hollerin' and niggas ain't downloading
Nobody sees your vision, they walkin 'round blindfolded
All this time holdin on to possibilities,
You step outside, smoke a blunt and then you feel the breeze.
Fuck what they talkin'! It ain't like life come often.
The only thing worst than death is a regret filled coffin.
So try before you die, or always wonder "what if?"
I thank the Lord for this wonderful gift.
Lookin' for strength in this crunch time. [2x]

[Hook]


[Hook]
Rise above, rise above…
And you’ve got to…
Rise above, rise above…

[Verse 1]
She had her little daughter with her, it was cold out
Said “ah, I hate this motherfucker,” then she rolled out
He ain’t answering his phone, she yells “what the fuck?!”
Then told her daughter “buckle up, yeah, that’s for safety”
See she been stressin’ lately
‘Cause this nigga she done been with for the past two years
Is now the current reason for her last few tears
She text, he don’t text back
When she see him she be tryna sex, he don’t sex back
His heart be on jet black
She call, he don’t call back, all he say is “fall back”
Nigga just need his space, so she headed to his place
She just got a call from her homegirl Rhonda
Who said he been creepin’, he been fuckin’ with Yolanda
“Yolanda?"
"Yeah girl, Yolanda. Told you he ain’t shit but you ain’t listen, I was tryna” –
[Click] – hmmm, hung up that phone and hopped right up in that Honda
Headed his crib, she said she fed up with this shit
“Thought this time this was the one, thought I got better at this shit”
“Pickin’ out Mr. Right, stick it out through the fights”
“And long nights, for what? These niggas is all alike”
She gon’ set it off, her daughter gon’ witness it all tonight, damn…

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
She said she just finished school, could barely pay tuition
Now she teaches 7th grade, tryna make a difference
Aye, but the kids frustrate her, say that they don’t listen
A ass like that, how the fuck they supposed to pay attention?
I’m fuckin’ with you, but for real, she say they hopeless
A class full of jokesters, creating all the obstacles, impossible to focus
Lil’ niggas barely read, tryna give them what they need
And they don’t even try, one little boy, he caught her eye
‘Cause he look just like her brother, she be havin’ to call his mother
But she act like she don’t care – what father? He ain’t here
Now she frustrated, thinkin’ that she just made the mistake of her life
Underpaid, be havin’ to waitress at night
Six years of college down the drain, drinkin’, tryna drown her pain
Party with her girls, feeling sorry for the world
‘Cause ain’t no hope for the youth, well ain’t that the truth
When all your role models either rappin’ or they hoop, damn…

[Hook]


[Verse 1]
Tears for ODB, drug-induced poetry
What's the use? Strung-out from that drug abuse, woe is me
80's baby, so I know my pops was gettin' high
In the 90's, me and mama barely gettin' by
2000's I was concentratin' more on gettin' fly
Gettin' bitches, gettin' rich to get the shit I couldn't buy
You know the story, you know my allegory
I was sent from Heaven with a set of horns, they'd better warn y'all
I'm here for more than just to kick some witty metaphors, dawg
This more of the type of shit you spit to set a war off
'Cause niggas be poor, get money and still don't know
Why the fuck they can't cop a house, the system meant to lock us out
But I'm knockin' down the door, strapped up with a four-four
Robin Hood shit – and yeah, I'm 'hood rich
That's good enough to stay in new kicks and a good whip
Get good head from a good bitch, I give two shits, I'ma tell you straight up

[Hook]
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch

[Verse 2]
Lord have mercy on my soul – what I've done and what I've seen
My life has tumbled into that which only you could intervene
I put my heart in senseless things – money, bitches and street shit
Fascinated by beef, sad to say I won't be shit
Grew up in this bitch without a pot to piss in, no toilet
How ironic, I took a lot of shit, like a bottom bitch
Or a model chick, high off coke
They lockin' sons up for less, I don't care how y'all cope
But yet I still peddle this dope and these pills
I'll never know how sittin' comfy on that Oprah seat feels
More than likely be on Most Wanted posters, we still
Holdin' on to old dreams of bein' Hova, be real
We the forgotten souls, bottom of the totem poles
Left for dead, some niggas fled, people say they sold their souls
I just think they found a better way, Lord knows I never pray
But sometimes I be wishin' I could levitate, I'll take it straight up

[Hook]
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up


[Verse 1]
You can drop a “Wet Floor” sign down for the tears
God and my court date, the two things I fear
Man, they tryna give a nigga years
I’m tryna figure if I should even appear, or
Should I escape town? Catch a Greyhound
Change my name, right – catch a plane flight
Out the country, let them ma’fuckas hunt me
Come and catch me if you want me
Know they’ll lock me if I stay
But… where I’mma run to?
I got a good girl, we got a son too
And all we went through, we ain’t see eye-to-eye
But what you told me way back, you was a ride-or-die
So if they give me one, or give me two
Or if a nigga gotta sit down and do a few
Before I go, baby, I gotta know, what would you do?
Would you find someone new or would you stay?
Like the hoes when they lay with me?
Puppy eyes when I go, sayin’ “stay with me”
Aw, girl, you bad as Hell
And yet I’d love to –
But see I got a girl I’m really makin’ love to
Therefore I’m feelin’ a lot more guilty when I rub you
That’s why I skip all of that kissin’ when I fuck you
Flush the condom down the toilet then I skate
I had you, but you can’t have me, I never stay

[Hook]
Stay…

[Verse 2]
Ha! Life in a hometown, ‘fore I could take a step
I’m gettin’ grown now
And startin’ to notice that I see the same hoes 'round
Guess they had to go ‘round, my raps is profound
I got the flows but yet a nigga ain’t got no sound
Copped a beat machine, I’m cookin’ up my own now
Got my mind on the city where it goes down
See, if I’mma get to where I’m goin’ then I can’t stay
Although I love it here
I’ll be damned if I sit around another year
Dreamin’ dreams, hopin’ somehow that they just appear
The hardest part of leavin’ is to know my mother’s here
Oh, but I’m comin’ back – oh boy, believe that
Let’s show the lil’ niggas, boy, you can achieve that
Got the city on my shoulders, piggy back
Hello, my name is Cole and I’m here to stay…

[Hook]


[Intro]
This right here is not a preview
I need to let it go, yeah

[Verse 1]
Now this right here is not a preview
Of what the album goin' to bring you, or nothing like that
Sharing things I think quietly, with those that admire me
Remember MTV Diaries? This something like that
I wear my heart up on my sleeve, and I, bleed for you
Cookin' beats hoping' to reach like
When I release, trust if you think my shit is weak
When you see me on the street, then speak, I refund you
This sample was yellin' "loop me!", Ms. Hill please don't sue me
Cause I ain't one of these rappers out here frontin' like he got it, nigga
I ain't fuckin' got it, nigga...
Throwing thousands in the strip club with Drizzy
Difference is I'm throwin four, he throwing fifty
Lord, forgive me
Bitches saying, "you a rappin' nigga, ain't you s'pose to tip more?"
I don't see no pussy, baby, ain't you s'pose to strip more?
Confessions of a cheap ass nigga,
But I finally put my Momma in that E class, nigga
And I told her quit her job,
Oh, hold your horses,
If my next album flops it's back to the post office
Both of us, shit
They're saying that's a real possibility...
The thought alone it's killing me...

[Hook]
I think I need to let it go
I need to let it go
Cause nothing even matters

[Verse 2]
Anticipating rain, I can't make the same mistakes again
Them 90's niggas raped the game
And left us with a battered and bruised bitch, with a few kids
The pussy loose, but the truth is I love her, though
She ain't perfect, but who is?
Hoes saying "Cole, you is" don't be silly, ma
Cause really I am just a born sinner the opposite of a winner
Cole summer, I predict another winter
Cause I'm finna, drop knowledge like a five-per-center
Fuck the build-a-bird, niggas showing God sent ya
Rhyme with the skill, as if Nas when to
College on scholarship met 'pac and said "I'm down with ya!"
And when they wasn't writing rhymes they fucking lined sisters
Puffin' on swishers, what's up Milan?
Everytime I drop I get the net poppin' like Lebron swishes
Kay told me kill ya, and I gotta respect my Mom's wishes
When I let go this how my mind switches
No looking back, don't even want to see my prom pictures
Pardon the rhyme scheme, I guess I'm long winded
Let me switch it now,
Back to Hell's kitchen now,
Up in Hova office like, he's the fucking principal
Put me in with Stargate, that shit was like detention now
Just tellin' my story so dissin' ain't my intention now
Drop a couple hits and all the dummies pay attention now
A shame when you learn the ins and outs of the game
Reminisce on little Jermaine, in the south
Rappin' out loud, with all the niggas that's cool to you
Just to realize that all them niggas was foolin' you
And they ain't who they said they was
Talk about the streets but, nigga
That ain't really where they was
Acting just like there they were
But who am I to judge?
That's neither here or there
Just know I know, my nigga
I just like being aware
If I had one wish, I would fuck Tia and Tamera,
At the same time, and put name tags on they titties so I don’t get they names wrong
Screamin' "Game on"
Like Wayne's World, that just came on
I'm rambling now
5 days to finish the album, I'm scramblin' now
Took a break from sampling now,
Just to say a few words to this bitch named Summer
June will make four years since I gave you my number
"The Warm Up" dropped, I got hot, you called it a classic
And Jay dropped "Autotune", you wanted him back, shit
Play my position, the whole while still wishin'
A year later Drake put his key in your ignition
And I told my fellas,
I dropped "Friday Night Lights" in the winter just to make her jealous,
Wanted to drop the album in the summer but the label didn't think that they could sell it,
Recoup the first week, I think it ain't shit they can tell us
Do you agree?
It's been a long time coming this thing between you and me...
I can't let it go
I can't let it go

[Hook]
I think I need to let it go
I need to let it go
Cause nothing even matters


[Intro:]
Hurt, to think that you lied to me
Hurt, way down deep inside of me
And it breaks my heart...

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Get paid a pretty penny for my thoughts
I'm Hardaway with grammar, I'm hot
They only care 'bout a nigga when he handle the rock
Or when he dishing the pill, or when he grippin' the steel
Bailing out my brother, tell the lawyer "get the appeal"
With the flick of the pen write the check and he out
Two years later he be at my shows checking me out
Know he proud of lil bro and how my records be out
Flashbacks to childhood when he was deckin' me out
Now it's clear lil Maine is the best mc out
Hands down, flow water, can't drown
My flow father, go harder, Cole smarter
Shout out to fiends in Queens, I'm team no daughters

[Bridge:]
I seen it all at this young age
The only thing left to do is die and hit front page
Should I knock on wood and pray like God forbid
These hoes be poppin' pills, these niggas be poppin' shit, bitch

[Hook:]
Pac on the mic in his prime
They only care 'bout a nigga when he writing a rhyme, boy
Kenny Lofton you feelin' my pace?
They only care 'bout a nigga when he stealin' the base
It's like I'm Wilt the Stilt, I'm fucking them all
They only care 'bout a nigga when he dunkin' the ball
And it breaks my heart
The world's a stage, I'll just play my part

[Verse 2:]
Just caught fire like a young Richard Pryor with unforgettable quotes
They only care 'bout a nigga when tellin' a joke, or when he's sellin' his dope
They tell the reverend "Man, I rather get to heaven with coke
Then live in hell and be broke"
Shout out to black man who beat the odds by yellin' for hope
Today he asked if I could Twitter y'all and tell you to vote
My nigga, how could I, knowing what I know
It's a game of charades, masquerade for the dough
Read the teleprompter these niggas is actors on the low
Yeah I voted for the nigga cause he got the best show
Like I got the best flow
On your mark, set, go
Mama got us out the hood but we still ghetto

[Bridge]

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Young Jeezy]
I said, you wouldn't know the truth if it was right there in your face
See I can't explain the feeling when the feds surround your place
In that PJ Rose, I drink that shit by the case
Like somebody pray for me, Reverend Run, Pastor Mase
See I do this for my homie he got caught with a soft eight
When I say a soft eight, yeah that's two less than ten
If they let him out today he gon' do it all again
Say he lost the first time it won't stop until he win
Street life will have you drunk, I'm talkin serious Gin
Yeah we screamin' Scarface, but we all know how that ends
Every word is like dope, you can snort it like lines
If I said it, then I meant it, they reciting' every line
If I had to write a book, it would be the Life & Times
Every verse is that work, you can weigh it like a nine
You see I lost a lot of niggas and it broke my heart
Life is staged I'll just play my part

[Hook]


[Hook:]
Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker
Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker
Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker
Aye, all you broke niggas be quiet

[Verse 1: J Cole]
I can't control this urge to fuck hoes and splurge
My sidepieces got real jobs, nigga I don't fuck with no birds
My main chick she got real hair, ain't never had to shop to get her's
Got a neat freak that don't eat meat but goddamn she rocking them furs
Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me, now the ho wanna climb me
If real recognize real, that's why it took a motherfucker like Hov to sign me
Ball so hard I'm the truth nigga, All-Star game catching oops nigga
If you a bitch and I'm a bitch, I'm Sheryl Swoopes and you hoops nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 2: J Cole]
Cole world, safe to say I'm cold blooded
In this cold life the more cold you are seem like the more the hoes love you
So I book a flight, she land today, she leave tonight with no luggage
Got the camera on in my bedroom, shooting video with no budget
Only nigga up in first class, old lady tryna be friendly, ay
She think I'm in the NBA, why a nigga can't have his MBA?
Next time I'm a flip the script, you know, kick some shit that's gon shock her
"You so tall what team do u play for?" No bitch I'm a doctor
Flow hella proper, Cole never flopped, nah
Float like a propeller no helicopter shit
Knots thick like a bowlegged chick
Stick dick to a gold digger, won't give her dollar
Fuck your nine I'm a whole different caliber
Nigga say they pop cause they don't fill they collars up
Read a book get your knowledge up, book a flight get ya mileage up
Bitch nigga...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2 Chainz]
I'm a start off with these four bars
I'm in a barbie at a sports bar
I'm rockin' gold balls, whoop your ass with this crowbar
I'm like "Oh Boy, catch your girl off that rebound"
Fix her hair up, get her a re-do
Just my car out that paint shop, so I guess that's a mothafuckin re-coupe
Let me demonstrate, gotta think about it before I go on a dinner date
Might eat a rich bitch, yes I got me expensive taste
Got my pockets on full, stomach on full, gun on full, I got full coverage
Niggas don't know the full story, I'm smokin on gas, full service
Money talk, true story, if you don't got none then don't say shit
Banana clips going ape shit, if you don't make money you don't make sense
I got gold on my bracelet, got ya girlfriend chasing it
Bust a nut in her mouth, so now she can baby sit

[Hook]

[Outro: J Cole]
This liquor I've been sippin' got me kissing all these models
And I might not see tomorrow, I might not see tomorrow
Please don't tell my momma I spent tuition on these bottles
Just to pay back all these loans man we gon' have to hit the lotto'


[Intro: J.Cole]
Now do I roll up, get higher?
Or po' up, get tired?
Do I roll up, get higher?
Or po' up, get tired?

[Verse 1:]
Okay, I'm back on a mission
To pay my tuition
Got loans out the ass
What you know 'bout my past?
I was so late for class
Hit the probate, get trashed
Fell asleep off the Henny
Back in '08 I crashed
With my foot on the gas
Thank the Lord I'm still here
No insurance so now I'm racin' home on first gear
On that morn' I shed tears
Asking what I'm doing here
I should be rich, I'm sick, it's like I got the fuckin' flu in here
But yet I'm just chillin' like I'm back on the yard
My niggas say I'm the truth and when I rap they applaud
That what was my Unsigned Hype like in the back of The Source
It's like I'm tryna get the head, but she's just jackin' me off
I needed more
Had to earn stripes, no Adidas store
Put my feet on floor
Borrow money from mi amor
Just to cop a microphone, the same one that put me on tour
She held you down, now you out here fuckin' 'round

[Hook: J. Cole]
Now this is for my broke niggas, rich niggas (What?)
Gold diggers, Crys sippers (What?)
Cold nigga, flow sicker (What?)
Muthafucka, I'm a fuckin' head bussa go
Coming down on the strip liqour in the whip
Parking lot pimp enough game to be sold
Learn from me, fuck bitches, burn money
Someone told me boy you got your whole life to get old
But errthing that glitter ain't gold
The grass ain't greener I've been told
She told me, boy you want your cake and eat it too
I said it's cake, that's what your supposed to do

[Verse 2:]
Ok my granny just died, but I'm too broke to go
And she askin my fears but she too close to know
Got trust issues I'm trying, where it come from? Don't know
I just block out the pain, blow the fuck up get dough
See I thought that would help me, it turns out it's worse now
My girl want her first child, my label won't work out
My mama don't see me unless I'm on tv, I pray she don't break down
She strong but she need me
They killed Saddam, now I wonder who's sane
How you balance being Batman, Bruce Wayne?
Old chick callin', but I'm onto new thangs
She still a dime, but I always lose change
Young Simba, went from bottom of the food chain to a few chains
In a new Range
She tellin' me so much has happened
Would've thought you changed
We ain't fuck in nine months it's safe to say I'm due man

[Hook]


[Verse 1: Bas]
They putting prices on heads, silver or lead
I pray the scores settle 'fore the devil notice you dead
Got me smoking the potent, my eyes open and Otis, they red
Thoughts of my eye roam and words that I hoped I had said
That aunty Sittana, we missin ya
Even know you gone, your thought alone can lift us up
This is us
Got some niggas that never call me unless they need something,
But I pick up, like, "whassup, what you need cousin?"
My niggas know that I love 'em
Give 'em roses while they can smell 'em
Cause ain't no tellin' who'll be here tomorrow
Used to borrow your digital scale
Flippin' them sales
But now it's digital dash while you're still in the past
Boy, trust me when I tell you, the picture got much bigger
The swishers and dutch fill up
Bitches in lust with us
Momma would dissapprove, losing my way
Lost in the sauce, this bolognese is so amazing
Had a talk and she remark: "you so engaging"
Running game, it's all the same
I'm growing jaded
Had a couple things in common, like Lonnie Lynn
But I'm too faded for conversatin'
I'm sittin' here contemplatin'

[Hook x2: J Cole]
Time keeps slipping away, away
Another day another love song, hey
Another day another love song, hey

[Verse 2: J Cole]
Yeah
Cousin in jail again, asking me for bail again
Close when I was 12, but I was much frailer then
He was like 16, a nigga from the gutter and
Years ago his favorite uncle had married my mother and
Here we are, runnin' through the Ville like dumb and dumber and
For that summer man I swear I wish you was my brother then
Well time passed and we fell off cause you moved back home
Little did you know Jermaine done grew a new back bone
Niggas thought he wouldn't make it 'till he proved that wrong
12 years later on the radio that Who Dat song
Your homeboy bumps the Warm Up now you buggin'
Cause you looking at the cover and you say "Yo that's my cousin"
And niggas looking at you like you lying but you wasn't
Next thing I know you blowing up my line all a sudden
And I'm showing love saying "yo look what I did,
Man, nobody coming from here ever did this shit this big"
But now you saying "Man enough about you,
Shit what about me, my nigga what about me?
Oh you forgot about me?"
Saying "Niggas showed you how to rap, now you don't know how to act
Boy I'm at the bottom you could pull a nigga out of that
Put me in a video, yo put me on your hottest track
Bring me on the road with you, you know 'cause got yo back
And I'm strapped up if them niggas act up
See you headed to the top you need to let me catch up
Please let me catch up
Won't you let me catch up man"
"I'll see you when I see you
Harsh as it seems to say, I wouldn't want to be you
Bail you out for your daughter and I pray to God
A nigga never pull your card or she won't ever get to see you"

[Hook]


Yeah grew up with killers, I didn't know they was killers
We was just together man, playing Mega-man on Sega man
Your mama loved me to death, she reminded me of Afeni
Yeah real black queen
If I had a genie,
I wish that she ain't struggle no more
Y'all wouldn't have to go to sleep with all the roaches if she wasn't so poor
You told me when you came to my house
This shit was like a timeout from reality
One night you asked me what I'm crying about
'Cause you was staying over for the weekend
I woke up from out my sleep
When I heard mama and my stepfather beefin
I don't know if he been drinkin
But I know this shit got loud and I heard rumbling from struggling
And rolling on the ground
Could never get used to that sound
My mama saying get off me
My tears is tumbling now
I wish that you never saw me
'Cause I felt like a coward, so powerless I was only 12
I wish I would'be bust through that door my fucking self
And grab the Glock right off the fucking shelf
If nothing else scared a nigga shitless
There goes two of my wishes
Forever scarred, determined to get some heart
No matter how big the nigga, no matter how small you are
Fast-forward to our older years
Two different paths
You used to talk to me about college but that shit didn't last
Waste of potential, getting cash, what could I say?
So tired of not having things, you never see it my way
Too proud to fold
Your demise
One day to my surprise, my nigga called me, told me you just caught a body twice your size
I asked if it was self defense, he said it was defense of pride
And that they trying to give you ten, but if you lucky you'll do five damn
Not my nigga
The same one that told me that things always get better
Just trust me, don't cry my nigga
The news call him a killer, but he my nigga
Sad shit
Ay yo genie last wish, free my nigga


[Intro:]
It's way darker this time

[Hook:]
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade)

[Verse 1:]
Sometimes I brag like Hov', sometimes I'm real like Pac
Sometimes I focus on the flow to show the skills I got
Sometimes I focus on the dough, look at these bills I got
This is a message for some rappers tryna steal my spot
You niggas famous on the internet, I'm real life hot
Homie, get your weight up, fake niggas get sprayed up
My verbal AK slay faggots and I don't mean no disrespect
Whenever I say faggot, okay faggot? huh, don't be so sensitive
If you want to get fucked in the ass
That's between you and whoever else's dick it is, pause
Maybe that line was too far
Just a little joke to show how homophobic you are
And who can blame ya? Boy Meets World
I'm trying to find a new Topanga
And bang her out, no hangin' out
My pop's was club hopping back when Rick James was out
And all I get is Trinidad James, wait a minute that's strange
Sip a bit of champagne, say "fuck"
If the hoes like it, I love it nigga nigga nigga
Used to watch Rap City Big Tigga Tigga
Rap nerd even copped Rah Digga Digga
Pac had a nigga saying "Fuck Jigga, fuck Biggie"
I was only like eleven so forgive me
A decade later I be all up in the city
Tryna get Hov to fuck with me
With a burned CD full of jams that was up in my hand
When he said he didn't want it, it was "Fuck him again"
One day, he gon' regret playing me
Little did I know, in a year he'd be fucking paying me
What can you say to me, I beat the odds like Vegas
I use to rap about haters before niggas was hating me
Now they hate to see a young black man with a college degree
Fucking all these little models for free, pardon me

[Hook:]
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov
Got game back
I ain't ever letting go

[Verse 2:]
I'm prince of the city, I studied Machiavelli
You niggas couldn't blow with C4 strapped to your belly
I snuck up out the parks where niggas be living heartless
And cannot tell the difference between Iraqi, Israeli
So I'm on the really, what could you actually tell me?
I'm tryna keep my homie from throwing crack in the skully
So, back with this pen to give back for my sins
Took a black president to tell the Japanese "Sorry"
But who the fuck gon' tell my niggas "sorry"?
Never seen his pops cause he's sorry
Fuck the education, would ask for reparations
But I'm probably just gonna buy Ferraris (Vroom)
Please forgive him
According to the preacher man he needs Jesus in him
But the Devil run the TV so the demons in him, I'm in trouble
Did a deal with the Devil but now I'm pleading with him
Like give me my soul

[Bridge:]
My nigga
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
Please give me my soul
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
Please give me my soul
I ain't ever letting go
But the Devil don't play fair

I'm bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm bout to go and join the Illuminati
Fuck everybody
I'm bout to go and join the Illuminati

[Verse 3:]
These next three bars is dedicated to the retards
Keep on asking me about the Illuminati
Is you stupid nigga? Young black millionaire
Old white billionaires, I'm sure that they could do without me
And I ain't really into sacrificing human bodies
Couple more A's I would have been a summa cuma lade
Beyonce told me that she want to cop the new Bugatti
That shit is more than what I'm worth, I think she knew it probably
Well this is awkward (awkward),
Want to know what else is really awkward (awkward)?
When niggas buy rings for bitches that have flings
When I'm praying I don't see them at the Oscars

Re-adjusted my target audience, cause it's obvious
I've gone astray, losing my way
Like Timberlake produced by Timberland
On that goddamn Futuresex Lovesounds
What's playing in my mind? Just the sound of my whole career
Crashing burning, the thing that I mostly fear
Was on track for the first two years
Until I let the Devil steer, now what have we here?
Now I got to mask my tears, but I

[Bridge:]
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again
I ain't ever letting go
I ain't ever letting you go again

[Outro: x2]
Allow me to re-introduce myself, my name is Cole
My nigga
(Born sinner)
Sometimes I brag like Hov


[Kerney Thomas:]
I'm just thankful 18 years of suffering gone just like that
You been suffering 18 years yourself
You been going through pure hell but it can be over just like that
This is pastor Kerney Thomas and I literally have tens of thousands across the country
That were hurting for God to heal them
And God could work a miracle for them
All you gotta do is either log on to our website
Or you can dial the toll-free number
And place your order right there
For the Personal Prayer Package
I want you quickly, to place that order right now
For the Personal Prayer Package
Pick up the telephone right now
I said pick up the phone right now
You're past due a miracle


[Verse 1:]
This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with
Lord, know some hoes from the past like
"Damn Cole, wish I knew that you would be rich"
Well, should've asked
It's funny how these niggas on some real "Be cool with me" shit
I bagged two bitches like it's two of me bitch
This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with
Finally got my own bedroom in this bitch
No more sleeping in my brother's room
Like man I might as well be sleeping in my mother's room
Cause how I'm supposed to sneak hoes with my bro here?
Plus she gon' find out I been rocking all this old gear
This is flow here, this is no fair
This is so pure, this is so clear
This is one breath, this is no air
Ain't no wedding and I do the most here
I'm the President you the co-chair
You the player, yeah, I'm the coach here
Nigga I coast here
That's why they got me set up on this West Coast here
Avoiding the snakes, AK's, and coke yeah
Get my dick wet but I never let it soak there
Man I been thinkin' bout movin' out
What? Country boy in the city in New York nine years
Ran that shit like Diddy
Riding through South Side Queens like Fiddy

[Hook:]
Nothing's impossible
And all you lame niggas show me what not to do
I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight
She told me, "Watch the snakes cause they watching you"
I told her, "Aw baby don't stop! I ain't looking for the way to your heart!"
She said, "You 'bout to miss church" while she riding me
I like my Sundays with a cherry on top
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop

[Verse 2:]
Now if you only had one wish is it devious?
Cause you already know who your genie is
Can't get a cover now your mag on my penis
Like damn he turned out to be a genius
Damn real shit nigga no Pixar
You niggas soft like Meagan Good's lips are
My kicks hard, my whip hard
I came out the womb with my dick hard
Back when I was playing Stomp the Yard
It be a bunch of niggas up on campus talking hard
Don't get exposed to these hoes, boy, knock it off
I seen your mama in a Benz when she dropped you off
Damn now who more thorough than me?
I paint a picture of my pain for the world to see
Could paint a picture of the game but my girl would see
Gotta ask myself, "What mean the world to me?"

[Hook:]
Nothing's impossible
And all you lame niggas show me what not to do
I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight
She told me, "Watch the snakes cause they watching you"
I told her, "Aw baby don't stop! I ain't looking for the way to your heart!"
She said, "You 'bout to miss church" while she riding me
I like my Sundays with a cherry on top
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop
Make that ass drop

[Verse 3:]
This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with
A little Fayettenam nigga out in Beverly Hills
That's when I ran into this chick I went to college with
Yeah back when a nigga was on scholarship
Was in a rush but I still stopped to holla, shit
That's the least I owed her cause see I tried to hit
On the first night, nah I ain't proud of it
I boned her in my dorm room and kicked her out of it
And I never called back, how thoughtfuless
Now I'm standing in the streets tryna politic with her
In her mind she calling me a misogynist nigga
On some Bobby Brown shit my prerogative nigga is to hit and never commit
Now realizing when I hit she never forgets
So every time I ignore the telephone call
Saying I'll hit her back knowing I'm never gon' call
She was hurting, now she staring dead in my face, she was smirking
Like, "Yeah I remember and nah you ain't worth shit, nigga
You ain't worth shit, nigga"

This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with


[J. Cole:]
Got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down-and-out with these love songs
She got me up all night, drownin' out with these love songs
She got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down-and-out with these love songs
She got me open all night, got me open all night

[J. Cole:]
Okay, back when I was sleepin' in my mama's crib
Even back then when I was up there in Mohammed crib
Payin' seventeen-hundred for the rent, money well spent
No heater, but a nigga made heat, may I vent?
Had a thing for you, even wrote the song "Dreams" for you
Cause I had dreams for you, thoughts of a ring for you
Childish shit, you know child and shit
Anonymous flowers sent, you know coward shit
Now a nigga signed to Hov, took a power trip
Back home I'm grown now and this city's my throne now
The same clubs that I used to get tossed out
Life got Kriss Kross'd, Totally Krossed Out
Cause now I'm in this bitch and I'm totally bossed out
Old chicks cryin' cause they know that they lost out
But I'm still on you, I'm still on you
My drink spilled on me, while I feel on you
I'm saying...

[Miguel & J. Cole:]
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want you to want me
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want you
And we are, we are, we are
Got me up all night
And we are, we are, we are
All I'm singin' is love songs
And we are, we are, we are
Got me up all night
And we are, we are, we are
She got me
And we are, we are, we are
She got me

[J. Cole:]
Well this has got to be the longest crush ever
If I ever get to fuck it'd be the longest bust ever
Love is a drug, like the strongest stuff ever
And, fuck it I'm on one, you feel me?
She on a power trip, she got me where she want a nigga
Wifin' in the club, man my homies gon' disown a nigga
Like "Give me 20 dollars, dollars."
Ass stupid, how you get to college, college
I'm in your city and I'm wonderin' if you're home now
Went and found a man, but I'm hopin' you're alone now
Can't help but feelin' like I dropped the ball, cliché
I used to pop up on you at the mall each day
Now typically I kick game like Eastbay
But you got a nigga freeze-framed yellin', "Please play!"
For Pete's sake, homie pull it together
Just fuck her one time and be through it forever
But...

[Miguel & J. Cole:]
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want you to want me
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want you
And we are, we are, we are
Got me up all night
And we are, we are, we are
All I'm singin' is love songs
And we are, we are, we are
Got me up all night
And we are, we are, we are
She got me
And we are, we are, we are
She got me

[J. Cole:]
Got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down-and-out with these love songs
She got me up all night, drownin' out with these love songs
She got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down-and-out with these love songs
She got me open all night, got me open all night


Mo money, yeah
Mo money, blow money, show money
Party money, side ho money, dope money
New clothes money from shit that I wrote money
So much money I don't know who stole from me
Hard to keep track I'm used to having no money
Still broke compared to niggas with old money
I mean the type of niggas that laugh at Hov money
Billionaires with Petroleum and coal money
Probably kill themselves if the had Cole money
Talk shit and I'm a see you like you owe money
I'm wrapping up the album, fourth quarter I'm so money
I'm overseas looking for trees to grow money
Peter Popper off robbing people for hope money
Prostitutes collecting that let me stroke money
Put up a couple dollars for the liquor store money
Used to dread the strip club cause I couldn't throw money
Now the strippers give a nigga the throat for no money
How mama gonna teach you how to save your money
When she barely on the boat got stay afloat money
Blacks always broke cause we don't know money
Spend it before we get it and could never hold money
No wallets, nah, nigga we'd rather fold money
Money control niggas, white man control money
Laughing like "yeah yeah my nigga, get your money"


[Hook:]
I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right
I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight
I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life

[Verse 1:]
Yeah, God flow
Paint a picture like a young Pablo, Picasso
Niggas say I live fast, die young, so I drive slow
And pray I die old
In the drop with the top low
Met a bad bitch from Chicago, my hat wasn't cocked, yo
Kept it straight, shit, cause y'all know
And if not, you'll learn how them niggas in the Chi go
I ain't fuck her but I'm thinkin' 'bout it
My niggas say why you gotta think about it?
The bitch want too much, hit my phone too much
If I gotta be frank about it, ain't worth the stress
First the text, then the draws, see first the sex
Then it's calls cause the bird's obsessed
Want flowers, cards, and the purses next
Nah, bitch can't get a dollar
Cole on twitter, bitch can't get a follow
Can get a nut, heard Can't Get Enough
Now she fuck a nigga thinkin' that she may hit the lotto
No way Jose, could write a book called "The Things Hoes Say"
Show a lot of love to my sisters though
But these bitches so predictable
I'm in trouble

Gettin' to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise man
I take you to the promise land
You don't want problems, I promise man

[Hook:]
I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right
I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight
I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life

[Verse 2:]
And I'm going back to school
Only for the hoes and a class or two
Young bad bitch made the pastor drool
Everybody sweat her like Catholic school
Sat next to her in the back of the class
Cheated off her test and I'm grabbin' her ass
She like "Don't you know this shit already? Nigga ain't you rich already?"
Yeah, but I got dumb as shit
Hangin' 'round these rappers cause they dumb as shit
But I'm back on track, jumpshot wasn't that good
Couldn't sell crack but I rap good
That's one stereotype, know a lot of niggas that'll marry your type
Bad bitch with a degree, I let 'em scoop ya
I'm Koopa, I never been the Mario type
No saving hoes
I ain't fooled cause a lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with is major hoes
And they mans don't know, they mans don't know, fo sho
Had a nigga baby, little mans don't know
Momma was a freak, got it in on the low
12 years later when my song come on, he ask
"Momma did you fuck J. Cole?"
Whoa

Gettin' to the promised land
You don't want problems, I promise man
I take you to the promise land
You don't want problems, I promise man

[Hook:]
I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right
I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight
I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight
I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life


[Intro: Mike Epps]
Married men act totally different when they're by themselves, don't they?
You see them with their wife, like
"What's up Tony? Hey man, how's everything going brother?"
"Just taking it easy, hanging out with the lady"
"Alright, God bless you, take it easy now"
You be like that nigga ain't like that
You see him by himself, "What's up Tony?"
"Hey, where's the bitches at, nigga?"

[Verse 1:]
Yeah, give me my space
Lord ain't enough time to chase all these dreams
I mean I got no time to wait
Love my girl but I told her straight up "don't wait up"
Stumble home late, I'm drunk, we fucked then made up
Used to living free as a bird, now I'm laid up
Feeling like a nigga got handcuffs on
How the fuck did my life become a damn love song?
She ride for a nigga and she stand up for him
But a nigga wanna be a nigga, be a nigga
Ride through the streets with freaks and real niggas
She never understand what it's like to be a man
Knowing when you look inside yourself you see a nigga
And you don't wanna let her down but you too young for the settle down
And maybe you can thug it out, learn what is love about
When you can't live with her and you can't live without
Oh shit, goddamn, I think the devil got his hands on me
Stripper saying: "Baby, won't you throw these bands on me?"
And I came to spend, she pop a molly let the motherfucking games begin
I'm running...

[Hook:]
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on desperately
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on

[Verse 2:]
When it's all said and done everybody dies
In this life ain't no happy endings
Only pure beginnings followed by years of sinning and fake repentance
The preacher says we were made in image of Lord
To which I replied: "Are you sure?
Even the murderer? Even the whore?
Even the nigga running through bitches on tour?"
With a good girl at home folding clothes and shit
She losing faith in him and he knows and shit
Like what the fuck is a break, don't know how much I can take no more
I give you all I got till it ain't no more
No more tears it's been ten long years, damn near
I don't know if I can wait no more, and who can blame her
You complaining 'bout every time you out, you come back she pout
Sleeping back to back, this is wack
We 'bout to go platinum in a minute, crib acting out
My childhood fantasies of wife and home
But it's a whole lot of actresses I'd like to bone
And despite the rumors you hold out
On account of the guilt that she has got to spend her nights alone
And she ride or die like Eve and 'em
Make home cooked meals every evening
And even then, your lowest days when you no longer Superman
At least you know you got Lois Lane
But you...

[Hook:]
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on desperately
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on

[Verse 3:]
Yeah, unbelievable seen evil that not even Knievel know
At age 3 I knew this world was three below
Listen, even know my ego low achieved the unachievable
Imagine if my confidence was halfway decent, yo
This just in, fucked more bitches than Bieber though
Still I keep it low, got my niggas on the need to know
Basis, my manager back in the days was racist
I was a young boy, passing skate and tucking laces
Old perverted white man who told me:
"Jermaine, it's all pink on the inside. Fuck what color their face is."
Wise words from an indecent man
Made me reflect on the times when we was three fifths of them
And change empower less, brave souls reduce the cowardice
Slaving in the baking sun for hours
Just to see the master creep into the shack where your lady at
Nine months later got a baby that's not quite what you excepted
But you refuse to neglect it cause you know your wifey love you
Does you refuse to accept it?
That's that type shit that tell why my granny light skin
Rich white man rule the nation still, only difference is we all slaves now
The chains still concealed in our thoughts
If I follow my heart to save myself
Could I run away from 50 mill like Dave Chappell?

[Hook:]
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on desperately
Run away, run away, run away, run away
I'm holding on


[Background Sample:]
Bad things happen to the people you love
And you find yourself praying up to heaven above
But honestly I've never had much sympathy
Cause those bad things, I always saw them coming for me
I'm gonna run run away, run run away, run away
Run away and never come back
Run run away, run run away, run away show ‘em that your color is black

She knows, she knows
Oh I, oh I-I-I
Alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
Alright

Damned if I do
Damned if I don't
You know I got a girl back home
You got a man what you want, what you want
What these bitches want from a nigga
On some DMX shit
I know them other niggas love tricking
On some BMX shit
But not me
Now I'm sure you done heard about me
A black star, Mos Def, Kweli
Good so them bad hoes try me, they try me
This is Martin Luther King in the club
Getting dubs, with a bad bitch
In his ear sayin' that she down for whatever
In the back of his mind is Coretta

She knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
And deep down she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright

Damned if I do, damned if I don't
I'm passing up on bad hoes
Trying to be the man that she want, what she want
What she want from a nigga
To put a ring on it
Got a bitch on my dick right now
And she just want to sing on it
Got me up so high
Trying to get a piece of that apple pie
I be up so high
Trying to get a piece of that apple pie
Dancehall vibes with my pants on fire
Cause I told her I was sleeping
Cause I creep with this pretty young thing that I chose
That she could be doing the same thing I suppose

She knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
And deep down she knows, she knows
And I know she knows, and I know she knows
Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright

Niggas say turn up, hoes say turn up
Only bad thing about a star is they burn up
Niggas say turn up, hoes say turn up
Only bad thing about a star is they burn up
Rest in peace to Aaliyah
Rest in peace to Left Eye
Michael Jackson, I'll see ya
Just as soon as I die

Got me up so high, trying to get a piece of that apple pie
I be up so high, trying to get a piece of that apple pie
Got me up so high, trying to get a piece of that apple pie
I be up so high, trying to get a piece of that apple pie

Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright
Oh I, oh I-I-I
I can't be what you want from me
Well alright


I hate rich niggas god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot damn it
Who you had to kill, who you had to rob
Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top damn it

Or maybe that's daddy money,
Escalator no ladder money
Escalade, new Caddy money
Worst fear going broke 'cause I'm bad with money
Crooked smile nigga momma never had the money damn

I ain't trippin',
Nigga Jordan I ain't Pippen
Up the steps I ain't slippin'
Tears blood sweat I ain't crippin'

Here's a song you can sing along with when you down
On some let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home 'cause she got a second job
Delivering pizzas, you think she out there getting robbed
Please God watch her I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too
Talking all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog now look at you

I ain't bad as that nigga,
Plus dawg I'm a grown man now
I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crashed and it only killed his lame ass
I'd be glad it's that nigga, nigga

Did Kay dirty now it's back to broke
Refund checks used that to float
Momma gets depressed falls in love with the next maniac
On crack used that to cope

Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writing rhymes tryna bring back the hope
Try to ride the storm out and crash the boat
Could've drowned but I grabbed the rope

And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
Sing

You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul Anna
How much for your soul Anna

You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul Anna
How much for your soul Anna

I hate rich niggas god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot damn it
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But every fucking verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now,
Hear my shit and try to switch now
Know you felt the shit just now,
Know you felt the shit just now

Ain't there more to you?
Don't it ever get boring to you?
I realize deep down you a coward getting high off of power
Fuck it, more to you

Saw through you and it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for more money like Damon Wayans
Wanted the respect but it came with fame
I just wanted love but this ain't the same

I took a train down memory lane
And watched little Jermaine do his thang before he made a name
It's like Sony signed Basquiat
He gave it all he got and now the nigga don't paint the same damn

I guess he can't complain
All the money that be raining in
Spend a hundred thou for the chain again
Think of old school niggas like Dana Dane

Probably kill for another claim to fame
My brain the same, yeah nigga least he ain't insane
Least he ain't insane
You ain't crazy motherfucker you just afraid of change

That's new, maybe that's true
But listen here, I got a bigger fear
Of one day that I become you
When I become lost and I become heartless
And numb from all the Ménages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more

Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain
'Cause I can't maintain no more
Tad bit extreme I know
Money can't save your soul

But there go you, there go you, there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
Sing

You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul Anna
How much for your soul Anna

You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul Anna
How much for your soul Anna

How much for your soul Anna
How much for your soul Anna


[Ken Lewis' Choir:]
For being a precious friend
I give thanks to you
For holding our spirits high
I do thank you lord
For blessing my life each day
I give thanks to you
For always being there when all is said and done (Wooo)
To thee, do we give thanks

[Ken Lewis:]
Now hol' on, hol' on, hol' up
Has anybody seen Jermaine? (No)
Jermaine
Where's Jermaine Cole?


[Hook: J. Cole]
Me and my bitch, took a little trip
Down to the garden, took a little dip (oh no)
Apple juice falling from her lips, took a little sip (boom)
Little sip
Took a little sip, took a little sip
T-t-took a little, took a little, took a little sip (uh)
Uh huh

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Ey yo, I walked through the valley of the shadow of death
When niggas hold tec's like they mad at the ref
That's why I keep a cross on my chest, either that or a vest
Do you believe that Eve had Adam in check? And if so
You gotta expect to sip juice from the forbidden fruit and get loose
Cole is the king, most definite
My little black book thicker than the old testament
Niggas pay for head but the pussy sold separate
Same bitch giving brains to the minister
The same reason they call Mr. Cee "the finisher"
Forbidden fruit, watch for the Adam's apple
Slick with words don't hate me, son
What you eat don't make me shit and who you fuck don't make me cum
Put a price on my head won't make me run,
Try to kill me but it can't be done
Cause my words gon' live forever
You put two and two together Cole here forever

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Me and my bitch, took a little trip
Down to the garden, took a little dip (oh no)
Apple juice falling from her lips, took a little sip (boom)

[Bridge x2: Kendrick Lamar (J. Cole)]
Bitches come and go (You know that)
Money come and go (You know that)
Love come and go (Don't shit last)

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Take a seat baby girl you've been all in my mind
I know I ain't called gotta pardon my grind
Just copped a maroon 5, no Adam Levine
Came a man by myself, only father was time
I know that she relate baby daddy ain't shit
So she raised that nigga kids but she swallowing mine
And that's why you all in my mind
All in my line like calling number nine
Cause a nigga poppin' like Harlem in the nine-
Seven, way before Mase was a reverend
I was a young nigga making A's at 11
At 12, tryna get that taste of the heaven, or hell... only time will tell
Fuck her while her mama home, "baby, don't yell"
How many records do a nigga gotta sell
Just to get the cover of the double XL
Or Fader, fuck a magazine hater
When I say that I'm the greatest I ain't talking about later
I'm a drop the album the same day as Kanye
Just to show the boys the man now like Wanyá
And I don't mean no disrespect, I praise legends
But this what's next the boy sick, can't disinfect
Life's a bitch and the pussy's wet
My clip is loaded and this is the kiss of... death. Blah.

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Me and my bitch, took a little trip
Down to the garden, took a little dip (oh no)
Apple juice falling from her lips, took a little sip (boom)

[Bridge x2: Kendrick Lamar (J. Cole)]
Bitches come and go (You know that)
Money come and go (You know that)
Love come and go (Don't shit last)

[Outro: J. Cole]
Don't shit last, and you know that
Went to hell, got hot didn't melt
The only man above me is God himself
All these other niggas is below me
Word to Phife, Q-Tip, Ali, and Jarobi
What up Queens
Cole is the king (and you know that)
Started with A Dollar and a Dream (and you know that)
Never give a bird bitch a ring (you should know that)
Bitch! Bitch!
That should be my new ad lib.
Bitch!
I got a new one; I finally got a cool ad lib.
Be at all the shows everybody be like
Bitch! Bitch!

[Lil Cole:]
Yo, yo, yo pull over right here, right here, here you go
Yeah pull over right here, to the right, pull over, pull over, pull over, pull over
Aight, look look, park right here, I'm a be out it'll be like 30 minutes tops
It'll be like 30 minutes, I'll be right back out, aight
Bitches come and go, bitches come and
Yo, yo what up, what's poppin', I'm back, I'm back
Yo you got that piece ready for me, that Jesus piece?
Nah the gold, the rose gold joint... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah let me see that, oh shit what is that some, what's, what the fuck is that platinum
Is that? What's that chain right there, is that's white gold, that's platinum.
Is that plat, well niggas doing platinum again, niggas doing, niggas ain't even doing platinum yet right, oh shit bout to make
Yo I'm trying to bring that shit back, kill these niggas
Let me see that one too, the wat, the watch, the platinum watch


[Verse 1:]
Look at me, pathetic nigga, this chain that I bought
You mix dream pain and fame, this is heinous result
Let these words be the colors I'm just paintin' my heart
I'm knee-deep in the game and it ain't what I thought
Copped the Range Rover, my girl got the Mercedes
Iced out crazy I wanna shine like Baby
Compared to that nigga, I ain't even got a bib yet
Truth be told I ain't even bought a crib yet
This is everything they told a nigga not to do
Image is everything I see, it got a lot to do
With the way people perceive, and what they believe
Money short so this jewelry is like a weave
Meant to deceive and hear niggas say I see you
Now bitches wanna fuck you and niggas wanna be you
And police wanna stop you, frisk you wonder what he do
If a hater snatch yo chain, I bet it still won't free you
Cause I'll be right back grinding 'til I cop another
I sit and think about all this shit I coulda copped my mother
My partner said that's just the game my nigga
So I heard my jeweler say, here go your chain my nigga

[Hook:]
This is chaining day
(I need you to love me, love me)
Chaining day, oh my chaining day
(I need you to love me, love me)
My chaining day
My last piece, I swear, my guilt heavy as this piece I wear
They even iced out Jesus' hair
My last piece, I swear, they even iced out Jesus' hair

[Verse 2:]
Ice on this white Jesus seem a little unholy
The real strange thing about this iced out Rolly
It's the same shit a broke black nigga get gassed at
The same shit a rich white mo'fucka laugh at
Well laugh on white man, I ain't paid as you
But I bet your rims ain't the same age as you
And I ain't got no investment portfolio
But my black and white diamonds shinin' like a Oreo
I know back home where niggas sit today
He rock a chain and he always got some shit to say
Even back when I was broke I knew his shit was fake
He'd prolly sneeze too hard and his shit could break
But hey, you know the sayin', "Fake it 'til you make it"
Me, I did the opposite, made it then I faked it
And actin' like I gave a fuck, money I was savin' up
To buy a crib that's gated to that hundred racks, I gave it up
For what

[Hook:]
(I need you to love me, love me)
Chaining day, oh my chaining day
(I need you to love me, love me)
My chaining day
My last piece, I swear, my guilt heavy as this piece I wear
They even iced out Jesus' hair
My last piece, I swear, they even iced out Jesus' hair

[Outro:]
Lord
This is the last time
Told my accountant, it's the last time
I swear this is the last time
I know that I said that shit last time
But this the last time
Mama I swear this is the last time
So don't take my chains from me
This is the last time
Cause I chose this slavery
This is the last time
Don't take my chains from me
This is the last time
Cause I love this slavery
I need you to love me, love me, love me...
I said this is my last time


OK I lied.

[Verse 1:]
Motherfucker try
Say I can't come to the hood, true lie
See I would but I'm out in Dubai
When I get back I'm a roll through that
Snatch yo bitch give yo niggas dap
The hood gone ballistic, Cole was here and you missed it
That nigga walk like Obama man
Shake yo momma's hand and kissed it
This pimp shit, pimp shit
Cole hard, you limp dick
My flow hard no wimp shit
Put in that work no temp shit
Yo bitch wearin' that lipstick
Gave this dick a french kiss
That nigga so wack when the bitch came back
Kissed her hoping that it get him sick, ha
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Ville made it to the map and shit
Niggas move cane like Kappa shit
Ain't that some shit
For no Benz and Range and my mattresses
For fuckin' these bad little actresses
I'm bad as shit

[Bridge:]
I got that work
Say what? My flow
Say what? My bitches
Say what? You Cole
Say what? I said

[Hook: x3]
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Ain't that some shit bitch

Bitch
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce (bounce) [x4]

[Verse 2:]
Flow, flow, flow, flow
Flow tight put a nigga in a headlock
Fuck hoes out of wedlock
Nigga bed rock
Red hot, so they got red dots
Pullin' that trigger nigga better be a head shot
Money long like dread locks shit
If you send shots then you bet not miss
For a couple G's, send a couple G's
Fuck copping pleas, Matlock shit (testify)
I gotta testify
Came through humble so it's best if I
Explain the noise shit, rockin' jewels shit
Got the full clip, cock and pull
Stop the bullshit watch the flow
How you gon' stop the unstoppable
Keep bitches on they toes no Dr. Scholls
It's the Roc bitch, rock and roll

[Bridge:]
I got that work
Say what? My flow
Say what? My bitches
Say what? You Cole
Say what? I said

[Hook: x3]
Say what?
Ain't that some shit
Well paid for this rap and shit
Ain't that some shit bitch

Bitch
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce (bounce) [x4]

My nigga Syience killed this beat


[TLC:]
Even though I...

[Chorus 1 — TLC:]
On my way, on my way, on my way down
On my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round

[J. Cole:]
They tell me I should fix my grill cause I got money now
I ain't gon' sit around and front like I ain't thought about it
A perfect smile is more appealing but it's funny how
My shit is crooked look at how far I done got without it
I keep my twisted grill, just to show the kids it's real
We ain't picture perfect but we worth the picture still
I got smart, I got rich, and I got bitches still
And they all look like my eyebrows: thick as hell
Love yourself, girl, or nobody will
Though you're a woman, I don't know how you deal
With all the pressure to look impressive and go out in heels; I feel for you
Killing yourself to find a man that'll kill for you
You wake up, put makeup on, stare in the mirror
But it's clear that you can't face what's wrong; no need to fix
What God already put his paint brush on; your roommate yelling
"Why you gotta take so long?" What it's like to have a crooked smile
This crooked smile

[Chorus 1]

[J. Cole:]
To all the women with the flaws, know it's hard my darling
You wonder why you're lonely and your man's not calling
You keep falling victim cause you're insecure
And when I tell you that you're beautiful you can't be sure
Cause he don't seem to want you back and it's got you asking
So all you see is what you lacking, not what you packing
Take it from a man that loves what you got
And baby girl you're a star, don't let 'em tell you you're not
Now is it real? Eyebrows, fingernails, hair
Is it real? if it's not, girl you don't care
Cause what's real is something that the eyes can't see
That the hands can't touch, that them broads can't be, and that's you
Never let 'em see you frown
And if you need a friend to pick you up, I'll be around
And we can ride with the windows down, the music loud
I can tell you ain't laughed in a while, but I wanna see that crooked smile

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2 — J. Cole (TLC):]
Crooked smile, we could style on 'em (back 'round)
Crooked smile, we could style on 'em
(You're the one that was tryna keep me way down)
(But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back round...)

[J. Cole:]
We don't look nothin' like the people on the screen
You know the movie stars, picture perfect beauty queens
But we got dreams and we got the right to chase 'em
Look at the nation, that's a crooked smile braces couldn't even straighten
Seem like half the race is either on probation
Or in jail; wonder why we inhale
Cause we in hell already - I ask if my skin pale
Would I then sell like Eminem or Adele?
But one more time for the 'Ville
And fuck all of that beef shit, nigga let's make a mil'
Hey officer man, we don't want nobody getting killed
Just open up that cell, let my brother out of jail
I got money for the bail now, well now
If you asking will I tell now? Hey, hell naw - I ain't snitching cause
Man, they get them niggas stitches now
If you was around, then you wouldn't need a witness now
How you like this crooked smile?

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2]

[Outro — Choir:]
Ohhhhhhhhhhohoh [4x]
La-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la-la [4x]
I'm on my way, on my way, on my way down
I'm on my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, all you know I found my way back 'round, baby, back 'round...
You are the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you I found my way back 'round, back 'round...
You are the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round


Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's bein' born
Same time my man is murdered; the beginning and end
As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain
My plateau, and also what defines my name

Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
'Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you 'bout to hear is a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

I used to print out Nas' raps and tape 'em up on my wall
My niggas thought they was words, but it was pictures I saw
And since I wanted to draw, I used to read them in awe
Then he dropped Stillmatic, rocked the cleanest velour
Fast forward, who'd a thought that I would meet him on tour
I'm earnin' stripes now, a nigga got Adidas galore
Backstage I shook his hand, let 'em know that he's the man
When he said he was a fan it was too hard to understand
No time to soak up the moment though ‘cause I was in a jam
Hov askin' where's the record that the radio could play
And I was strikin' out for months, 9th inning, feelin' fear
Jeter under pressure, made the biggest hit of my career
But at first, that wasn't clear, niggas had no idea
Dion called me when it dropped, sounded sad but sincere
Told me Nas heard your single and he hate that shit
Said, "You the one, yo, why you make that shit?"

I can't believe I let Nas down
Damn, my heart sunk to my stomach
I can't believe I let Nas down
I got defensive on the phone
Resentment was in my tone, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
'Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

I couldn't help but think that maybe I had made a mistake
I mean, you made "You Owe Me"
Dog, I thought that you could relate
But while I shot up the charts
You mean tellin' me that I was not up to par
When I followed my heart
Granted, my heart was tainted
By my mind that kept on sayin'
"Where's the hits?" You ain't got none
You know Jay'll never put your album out without none
And, dog, you know how come
Labels are archaic, formulaic with they outcome
They don't know, they just study the charts
Me, I studied the shows, the fans, study they hearts
I had a feelin' I was killin', and this music we were spillin' out
Would change lives forever, fuck the label, put it out
Friday Night Lights blew, that was classic number two
Now it seemed as if the Nas comparisons was comin' true
Still no release date from the label - are they insane?
Gucc told me play the game to change the game

But on the way I let Nas down
I got no one to blame
I'm a shame, I let Nas down
But this is God's plan, you can never understand, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
'Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

I always believed in the bigger picture
If I could get them niggas to listen outside my core
Then I can open up doors
Reintroduce them to honesty, show 'em that they need more
The difference between the pretenders and the Kendrick Lamars, and so, I took the fall
Like the son of the Lord on the cross
Dyin' for that fake shit you niggas bought
For the past decade
If I should pass, please let this be my last essay
Therefore I write from the heart
Apologies to OG's for sacrificin' my art
But I'm here for a greater purpose
I knew right from the start
I'm just a man of the people, not above but equal
And for the greater good I walk amongst the evil
Don't cry, Mama, this the life I choose myself
Just pray along the way that I don't lose myself
This is for the nigga that said that Hip-Hop was dead
I went to Hell to resurrect it
How could you fail to respect it?

Letting Nas down, I got the phone call
Quietly I mourned, dog, I let Nas down
Yeah, and on this flight
May I never lose sight, fuck it

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
'Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you just heard's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin


[Verse 1:]
Spinning in circles, live my life without rehearsal
If I die today my nigga was it business? Was it personal?
Should this be my last breath, I'm blessed cause it was purposeful
Never got to church to worship Lord but please be merciful
You made me versatile, well-rounded like cursive
Now you chose me for a purpose, I put my soul in these verses
Born sinner, was never born to be perfect
Sucker for women licking their lips and holding these purses
Back when we ran the streets who would think we grow to be murderers
Teachers treated niggas as if they totally worthless
And violent, and hopeless
I saw but never noticed that the college point is right to
"Be All That You Can Be" posters
Rest in peace to Tiffany, I don't know if this is the realest shit I wrote
But know the realest nigga wrote this
And signed it, and sealed it in a envelope and knew one day you'd find it
And knew one day you'd come back and rewind this, singing...

[Hook — James Fauntleroy:]
I'm a born sinner, but I'll die better than that; swear.
You were always where I needed you to be whether you were there or not there (I was there)
I was born sinning but I live better than that (better than that, better than that)
And if you ain't fucking with that, I don't care.
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2 — J. Cole:]
Yeah, this music shit is a gift
But God help us make it cause this music business is a cliff
I got a life in my grip, she holding tight to my wrist
She screaming: "Don't let me slip"
She see the tears in my eyes, I see the fear on her lips
True when I told you, you the only reason why I don't flip and go insane
My roof in the pouring rain
You knew me before the fame, don't lose me the more I change, no
Just grow with me, go broke you go broke with me
I smoke you gon' smoke with me
Woman's curse since birth, man lead her to the hearse
I go Bobby you go Whitney damn
Listen here, I'll tell you my biggest fears
You the only one who knows them
Don't you ever go expose them
This life is harder than you'll probably ever know
Emotions I hardly ever show
More for you than for me
Don't you worry yourself
I gotta do this for me
They tell me life is a test but where's a tutor for me
Pops came late I'm already stuck in my ways
Ducking calls from my mother for days
Sometimes she hate the way she raised me but she love what she raised
Can't wait to hand her these house keys with nothing to say
Except

[Hook — James Fauntleroy 2x:]
I'm a born sinner, but I'll die better than that; swear.
You were always where I needed you to be whether you were there or not there (I was there)
I was born sinning but I live better than that (better than that, better than that)
And if you ain't fucking with that, I don't care.
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)


This is a public service announcement!
Brought to you by the good people at Dreamville Records
And so my fellow americans
Ask not what your country can do for you
Ask what you can do for your country

Excuse me...

Load the clip in the chopper, flip the script and get oscars
All my niggas is mobsters, all my bitches is doctors
Cole World, this just the tip of the iceberg
So talk shit and taste the tip of the Mossberg
Don't trip nigga, they just words
Though my words tend to sound like Proverbs
Niggas don't see the preachers 'til we dead in the hearse
Granny broke cause she always givin' bread to the Church
Now pastor Mason Betha in a Lambo
And little niggas holdin' desert eagles like they Rambo
Bumpin' my shit, always wondered why they fuck with my shit
I hope it's 'bout the knowledge, not about who's suckin' my dick
But oh well, I'm gon' sell like I had no bail
For my chain and my piece I should've won Nobel
I'll, boy you cold nigga, yeah I know nigga
Only young nigga do it better than the old niggas

Took chances, slow dance with the devil bitch
Overcomin' the circumstances we hella rich
Since you all in my business, this what I tell 'em, bitch
If you ain't fuck with me, don't fuck with me, this life on the edge
Green dollars splurged all on embellishments
My fellowship paid, don't need to cop my fellas shit
Scoopin' hoes in the party, some Cinderella shit
Smash for the hell of it, livin' life on the edge

Miss America, petty thoughts
Miss America, petty thoughts
Miss America, petty thoughts
Just to floss pay any and every cost
Heavy heart as I sit in this Range countin' thousands out
Am I about dollars or about change?
Am I about knowledge or about brains?
Freedom or big chains, they don't feel my pain

Blood on my sneakers, no remorse for the grievers
He played the corner like Revis he should've had better defense
That's how I'm feelin', blood spillin' I love killin'
Niggas'll swear that they it, this is as rare as it gets
Rap game changed, this is embarrassing shit
Bunch of bitches posin' on some old Miss America shit
I was a wilder nigga back on my therapist shit, moving careless as shit
In a city where niggas really don't care who they hit
Who the fuck was I?
Just a young little nigga tryin' to see the other side
Of the railroad tracks, where them scarecrows at
No brains on a nigga but they'll air your back
Fuck the man, Uncle Sam I won't sell your crack
I won't fight your wars, I won't wear your hat
I'm a pass your classes, I'm a learn your craft
I'm a fuck your daughters, I'm a burn your flag

Took chances, slow dance with the devil bitch
Overcomin' the circumstances we hella rich
Since you all in my business, this what I tell 'em, bitch
If you ain't fuck with me, don't fuck with me, this life on the edge
Green dollars splurged all on embellishments
My fellowship paid, don't need to cop my fellas shit
Scoopin' hoes in the party, some Cinderella shit
Smash for the hell of it, livin' life on the edge

Miss America, petty thoughts
Miss America, petty thoughts
Miss America, petty thoughts
Just to floss pay any and every cost
Heavy heart as I sit in this Range countin' thousands out
Am I about dollars or about change?
Am I about knowledge or about brains?
Freedom or big chains, they don't feel my pain

They don't feel my pain
They'll never feel my pain
And they'll never play this shit on the radio


[J. Cole:]
This for all my niggas in the city
But this shit really for Queens though
Really for Queens though, ya know?
Big city of dreams, motivated by schemes
Getting money regiment with my get money regime
Nah mean? yeah

New York times, come listen to these New York rhymes
A southern nigga with a New York mind
In the concrete jungle of Queens trying to be Kings
Getting to the money, it seems, by any means
As I, watch it all pan out, try not to stand out
Fish out of water, yet an official reporter
Up here, life is a bitch, I blow a kiss at her daughter
In the city where niggas will leave you shit outta order
So yeah, you heard the news, disturbing news
Shot a brother in the head, thank the lord he ain't dead
Was in a coma for months, eyes ain't opened them once
My nigga visibly stressing, a mess, he smoking his blunt
What could I say, I can't relate to that, all I do is pray for that
This the city of God told me "Go and make it" at
I got a date with destiny, I'm running late for that
Grab a paper, hey kid, you gotta pay for that

[J. Cole:]
The New York Times, yeah
The New York Times
[50 Cent:]
Extra, extra, read all about it
They say you can win anywhere if you can win here
And you ain't been no where if you ain't been here
Hustle hard, yeah it really ain't a game mane
Same places, different faces, on the train mane
New York, New York

[J. Cole:]
Hop on the F train, took the express train
Skip that local shit, my vocals sick, that's how success came
Once kings now we pawns in this chess game
Wall street got black slave blood stains
Which means, we built this city
And never got scraps while the devil got fat
In fact, reparations for niggas in desperation
Fuck money, get my kid a real education
Blood money spills, had a real revelation
Southside make you realize there's still segregation
Don't wanna preach I'm just thinking out loud
Sometimes I wanna save the world and I be thinking bout how
My motive, to lead my niggas to paradise
Imagine the world, free from pain
And we no longer scared at night
Far from the crime, the blind leading the blind
We don't make it primetime till we dyin'

[J. Cole:]
The New York Times
The New York Times, yeah
The New York Times
[50 Cent:]
Extra, extra, read all about it
They say you can win anywhere if you can win here
And you ain't been no where if you ain't been here
Hustle hard, yeah it really ain't a game mane
Same places, different faces, on the train mane
New York, New York

[Bas:]
How I go from selling reefer and plates
Till eating steaks with Cole and playing FIFA with Drake
Should've been in the States, property of the Jakes
Now I'm plotting on profits and properties on the lake
Let me properly integrate you to it
Show you how the heads of states and gangsters do it
Them niggas talk a lot of shit but they ain't been through it
I done been up in everything, cars you never seen
Cities you never heard of, from the streets where they murder
Police observe us till they reach the verdict
Kill 'em all, fucking kill 'em all
If you can't send 'em to the pen, send 'em to the morgue
Send 'em to the Lord, fuck it, send his broad
Hundred shots through the dark but they never hit my heart
Nigga, bitch nigga, take a pause
Hundred shots through the dark you can never hit my heart

[J. Cole:]
The New York Times
The New York Times, yeah
The New York Times
[50 Cent:]
Extra, extra, read all about it
They say you can win anywhere if you can win here
And you ain't been no where if you ain't been here
Hustle hard, yeah it really ain't a game mane
Same places, different faces, on the train mane
New York, New York


Yeah
Yeah

[Verse 1:]
Art of seduction
Hoes jump like vince carter backstage like they apart of production
We talked about her dreams you gotta start out with somethin'
Her momma went to college but yet her father was hustlin'
Found it funny cause now they daughter is stuck-in
A similar predicament, I'm askin' where her nigga went
She said your guess is good as mine
Dropped outta school now he run the streets like all the time
Left me alone with this baby I don't hear from the nigga
And to keep hundred with you I don't care for the nigga
Well, movin on
Funny cause I only know a couple of your songs
But I love when they come on
Word?

[Bridge:]
I'll take it, Baby I'll take it
Why I'm starin' at you cause I'm picturing you naked
Know what's on your mind embrace it, do not fake it
Tonight is what you make it, take it do not waste it
Take a shot you not wasted, look in the blocks with mindplay [?]
I'm in a small ass town with a superstar chick
This is superstar dick
Girl, How could you not taste it?

[Verse 2:]
That's a little egotistic, my amigos be hocking in Toledo
Niggas winning off me, it's all G though,
Cause he know bitches can't get the Michael so they settling for Tito
We know, yeah nigga we know, hot bitch fell in my lap like cappucino
Niggas so thirsty it irks me, you keep on putting bitches over money but that ain't my cup of tea though,
Nah nigga, the game is to get, a bunch of paper just to change your fucking neighbors and shit,
I swear if niggas put half of what they put in chasing ass into a craft, now you'd be famous and rich,
But I get it, you rather lay with a bitch, while you play with her pussy, and let her play with your dick,
She thinking she got a first round pick, she thinking bout all the things she can get,
She thinking you got a Range for a whip, and a fly ass cribbo, and it's not that simple cause,
All you got is a phone full of bitches, and they just like her
Meanwhile I'm stacking paper up, my word
Had more hoes coming than a bus driver
Got a full grown woman wanna fuck my word, wanna ride my nouns, let her suck my verbs... Aye

[Bridge:]
I'll take it, Baby I'll take it
Why I'm starin' at you cause I'm picturing you naked
Know what's on your mind embrace it, do not fake it
Tonight is what you make it, take it do not waste it
Take a shot you not wasted, look in the blocks with mindplay [?]
I'm in a small ass town with a superstar chick
This is superstar dick
Girl, How could you not taste it?


These niggas know

[Verse 1:]
Armed and dangerous, call the law
Stick to the script, no audible
Country ass nigga with an Audemars
Can't spell the shit but I order more
French hoes treat me like Charles De Gaulle
Get good head on the Autobahn
Hit hood hoes out in Baltimore
Pack the shows like wall to wall, my God
Five steps like Dru Hill
Came home from the first tour, with
Bad credit and a school bill
Middle finger to the bursar
Finally famous but
Ain't too much really change with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust
Label us notorious, that was 9-7
Saw my old teacher and she asked how I'm livin'
You ain't know my shit drop bitch? 9-11
Gettin' more hoes than that nigga John Legend
Gettin' more hoes than that nigga John Legend
Nigga you should too, if you knew
What this game would do to you
Look at all the bullshit I've been through
Better me than you

[Bridge:]
I must confess, I copped the chains
I hit the club, I made it rain
I hit the road, I made a name
I came on home, I ain't the same
I ain't the same
I ain't the same

[Hook:]
Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggas know
Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggas know

[Verse 2:]
These niggas know, boo-ya nigga?
Came through the door like who y'all niggas?
Stole a nigga flow, I could sue y'all niggas
Better yet put a hot one through y'all niggas
Nah, let me stop frontin' for y'all niggas but
Don't let the college shit fool y'all niggas
Ain't the hardest nigga in the land
But a grown ass man, and I will step to y'all niggas
Like what's the problem?
Ain't gettin' paper, nigga here's a loan
My shit long, need a hair salon
Get it cut, shut the fuck up
And wipe your face with my money 'til your tears is gone
No cryin' ass, lyin' ass
Can't afford a whip, but you buyin' ass
This Fresh Prince nigga, I ain't Jazz
Fucked yo bitch, nigga I ain't ask
She pitched it to me like Sosa (Oh God)
What the fuck was I s'posed do?
Deny that, rather try that, but I never fly that,
Keep hoes bi-coastal
And they buy postals, ain't shit for free
Dick the only thing that they get from me
Sit VIP, get a sip for free
Later on she'll be sippin' me, literally
Picture me at the tip-top
With your bitch lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop
This B.I.G. nigga, this Pac
Minus six shots, but it's still this hot
Thirty grand and that's just for the wristwatch
Hate to brag but backpackin', that's hip hop
Write my life and make sure that the script hot
And pray the kids watch, if not
These niggas know
If not, these niggas know

[Bridge: x2]
I must confess, I copped the chains
I hit the club, I made it rain
I hit the road, I made a name
I came on home, I ain't the same
I ain't the same
I ain't the same

[Hook:]
Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggas know
Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggas know


[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out, we're tired
We only need to stay close
In time,
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out,
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

Baby you deserve the whole enchilada,
Gucci and Prada
Toast to the days when I didn't have a dollar
You stuck around even when the world frowned on me
Kicked me when I was down, and so they clowned on me

Down for me, my homie
You better believe
I know your home girl said you should leave
Know you as tired like the Michelin man
What if Gina would have listened to Pam?

Now they hate to see us last this long
When they get my album, probably pass this on
Thought they knew me, well
Money can't buy you happiness that's true as hell

The happiness can't buy yo ass this new SL
I love you like the fat kid loves cakes and shit
I love you like the bad kid love breakin' shit
Ride and die chick fighting insecurities
Want a ring and my last name for securities

[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out,
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time,
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out,
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time,
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

I know my style ain't perfect
I know my smile ain't perfect
Nigga ain't perfect, it's true
Funny though I'm perfect for you

All the drama seem worth it for you
She put up with the shit like she work at the zoo, true
Now what you crying for?
She says you ain't gon' settle down, what you lyin' for, lyin' for?

She want that old thing back
Things ain't the same, think we both seen that
Love is war
End up on the floor
But baby you only lose when you don't swing back

I say those words hoping that
You fight for a nigga like I fight for you
Like I fight temptations every night for you
And though I slip, only girl in my life is you

[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out,
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time,
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

[Jhene Aiko (J. Cole):]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out,
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time,
Sparks will fly
(And we fly too, and we, and we, and we fly too)

[Jhene Aiko:]
Feels as though our world's crashing down
We can't forget to breathe through this now
We live through the ups and the downs
It'll get better

[Jhene Aiko:]
It may seem like our fire
Has been a little burnt out
We're tired
We only need to stay close
In time
Sparks will fly


Yeah, ain’t nothin to it but to do it, Nigga that's true
A quarter milli and a Buick, Nigga guess who?
It came to me like the dream that I once had
Them niggas said I couldn't do it, then I busted through
And now I'm flying worldwide, singing rap songs
Fucking all the bad hoes that I once knew
And busted nuts for all the times I was shitted on
See it was once fuck me, now it's fuck you
Clearly, now hear me
Back with a vengeance, hope you niggas feel me
You cut me deep and know it hurts severely
I'm a forgiver, I still love you dearly, sincerely
It's Truly Yours, bout to stack another quarter milli
Nigga got a quarter milli, don't be silly


Na, na, na, na, my nose runnin'
Got my shades over this
The whole skyline of the city's right in front of my face, yeah

I'm in the zone this year, it's all fire nigga check my attire
Your worst fear is confirmed, your reign at the top expires this year
No application, I'm hired this year
This a dedication to that bitch who slashed my nigga tires, oh yeah
I knew about you, bitch I knew about you
Came up on a good nigga, he ain't have a clue about you
Tried to tell that nigga, don't trust that bitch as far as you can smell her, nigga
But you live and you learn
On these road to riches niggas bound to miss a few turns
Don't let the bridges that you cross turn into bridges you burn
You're bound to miss a few turns
Don't let the bridges that you.. fuck it you don't hear me
Look, ayo, I walk along this long harbor of life and sit on the piers
Reflect on my pain and shit on my fears
Should I feel an ounce of guilt that I outdid all my peers?
Or write my name in the sky and show them niggas I'm here?
This one is for the history books, picture me shook or failin'
This is revenge of the dreamer
Misery took a million of my niggas' hopes from 'em, don't even know some 'em
No more, the coke numbed 'em, no suicide notes from 'em
They killin' theyselves, slowly killin' they cells
Five iPhones dropped, my nigga still in the cell
He said he found God, shit, I doubt it, to each his own
Whatever keeps you strong to get up out it, we need you home
Cause see a war's goin' on outside, I 'bout cried
When that boy that the cops shot died, my mouth wide open from shock
Sick and tired of hopin' it'll stop
This pen the only hope that I got, I open up shop, and break out

[Hook:]
Got what you want, I got what you need
My heart on my sleeve, watch me bleed, I break out!
Dreamville is the team, my team iller than fiends
And ye' ain't real as you seem, and we can tell, nigga
Fuck what you think, cause if your shit don't stink
Nigga my shit won't sink, cause it can't, I break out!
I gotta break the fuck up outta here
Dreamville is the team, my team iller than fiends
And ye' ain't real as you seem, and we can tell, nigga

War stories, got tour stories
Pop four whores on the top floor stories
Niggas know, every verse is worth a brick of blow
Just a seven figure nigga got the game in figure four
I know at times I'm hypocritical, you niggas dig it though
I fuck until my dick be sore, leave bitches walkin' pigeon toe and break out!
On to the next bitch, homie
Your new chick, that's my ex-bitch, homie, in fact I'm still logged in her Netflix, homie
Just make sure she cook you breakfast, homie
Her bacon slimmin' but her eggs get runny, funny
So many bombs, you'd think Flex get money, from me
Cole world but my neck get sunny
Now I don't fuck around with hoes from reality shows
Or blow up dolls, cause I don't like havin' sex with dummies, love me
No disrespect meant, honey, this just a compilation of my observations
While trapped in this God-forsaken nation
Shit, but since we makin' conversation
I've been thinkin' me and you would make a bangin' combination
I know that you mad, I know what I said
But my dick be arguin' with my head, are you with the bed?
Well if so let's break out!

[Hook]


Blowing smoke, showing growth, no one's close
Never mashing brakes on breakbeats or going broke ever
Never, Rozay rich forever
Learn how to take a punch can't be a bitch forever
Cause it's gonna come, if not from a fight
With that big ass bully nigga you never quite liked
And just from life, knocking you on your ass
Turning off all of your lights like Teddy Pendergrass
Or mama on her last dollar, tryna stretch it
Gotta pay electric, gotta pay the water
Why she wanna a daughter when it's hard enough tryna raise two boys
Back in the days, I would've hated on the New Boyz
Just saying, cause the radio was just playing
And I heard one of their songs and my nigga sang along
And I'm thinking to myself, damn they came and went
A couple singles but could never be the main event
Without substance, something for them to grab on
Wonder if niggas know they time is short and they won't last long
I ain't even certain, one day they love you
Next day they put the niggas you put on above you
I let you niggas talk, it ain't no need to interrupt you
Cause my album 'bout to be the biggest fuck you
And don't worry, we'll let you back on the train
Riding Jermaine, once you see these niggas not in my lane
I pray to god end they reign
I fucked a bitch I used to dream about
And could've died when I came from disbelief
Now I don't wish to speak on a name, that shit is weak
We the new lost boys, shouts to Mr. Cheeks
Shouts to Queens, getting money regiment with my getting money regime
I'm a money machine, developing the routine, nah mean?

Nah mean, nah mean?
That was like a Jay Z joint
Nah mean, Nah mean, nah mean, nah mean?
You know how he used to say it
Nah mean?
B-r-r-ing, warm up


[J. Cole:]
Damn we got bitchez, and they bring bitchez
Fuck all y'all niggas, y'all niggas bitchless

This is dedicated (yo turn my vocals up)
You know who this is dedicated to

[Hook x2:]
Me and my niggas fuck all the bitchez
Damn we got bitchez, and they bring bitchez
Fuck all y'all niggas, y'all niggas bitchless
Where did your bitchez go?

[Bas:]
Damn, you niggas so bitchless
Swear it's a mystery to y'all how to get to the drawers
Like Bas, why you gotta say bitch when you swear?
Bitch, I don't care
Damn, you niggas so bitchless
I swear it's a mystery to y'all how to get to the drawers
Got a bitch like a diamond
Bitch got no flaws
See the switch when she walk
Give the bitch an applause
My bitch, call her my bitch if I want
Fly to another continent if I want
Ride through the projects if I want
Type of chick keep me home, but I won't
Gotta roam out of town, paying dues getting high
Til' I put a fiend flag on the moon, cutie pie
Say she want a shirt and a hat too, that's cool
She be waking up in both mine soon that's true, nigga

[Hook x2]

[Omen:]
Yeah, TDK, TDK
Chi City nigga, and I'm known to treat hoes like Stevie J
Gone off the Henny I'm beyond faded
Damn y'all lookin' so dehydrated
Why y'all lookin' so dehydrated?
Y'all so thirsty and I'm her favorite
I don't talk much, but I say a lot
They wanna stroll to the back, red cup game come and take a shot
When we sweating in the dark don't run
Throw it back like a inside the park, home run
She a square but that ass rotund
She let me cut samurai shogun
Know you heard bout the backstroke
I can make your perm turn to an afro
I got dumb hoes, bad bitches
Nice girls, classy women
I'm too official
Dreamville, nigga too official
Calling me a dog, I'm calling her a bird
Talking to the pussy cat I'm Dr. Dolittle

[Hook x2]

[J. Cole:]
They say grief is the price of love, fuck love!
I'm out in D.C. what's the price of love, I'm tryna
Get into something like a virus
Get lucky like I'm Irish
Born broke I'mma die rich
Steve Jobs of the projects
Pete Rock with a South twist
When the beat drop nigga drop heat
Like a teapot
Nigga eavesdrop on the knowledge
Once again it's on
A nigga cash never been this long
A nigga passion ain't been this strong
I'm in the zone
Known to slang dick like it's ten inch long
Open wide get my bid'ness on
Young Dennis get my menace on
No O-Dog more like more Caine
Get dough, fuck hoes that's a full life thing
'06 I was po' like rain
Flow sick and I don't like lames
Stop playing, bitch

[Hook x2]


They tell me I should fix my grill cause I got money now
I ain't gon' sit around and front like I ain't thought about it
A perfect smile is more appealing but it's funny how
My shit is crooked look at how far I done got without it
I keep my twisted grill, just to show the kids it's real
We ain't picture perfect but we worth the picture still
I got smart, I got rich, and I got bitches still
And they all look like my eyebrows: thick as hell
Love yourself, girl, or nobody will
Oh, you a woman? I don't know how you deal
With all the pressure to look impressive and go out in heels
I feel for you
Killing yourself to find a man that'll kill for you
You wake up, put makeup on
Stare in the mirror but its clear that you can’t face what’s wrong
No need to fix what God already put his paint brush on
Your roommate yelling, "Why you gotta take so long?"
What it's like to have a crooked smile

[Hook:]
A crooked smile
A crooked smile
This crooked smile

Listen
I got a story for ya. When I was 17
I had a name that was far from lame and that meant everything
I hit the club with my nigga Ced. ain't nothing new
But on this particular night that we was coming through
Niggas was on the stage, battlin' babblin', going no where
I figured "Fuck it. It's a couple hoes here."
I might as well sign up
And climbed up the stage
I went first, I kicked my verse
Spit like a lion out the cage
The crowd feeling my rage
I aired the nigga
Tossed the mic right to 'em like i dared the nigga
Thought I scared the nigga
DJ started the beat
His heart started to beat
Fast. the part of defeat
The nigga verse was weak
That is until he said this
"You ain't So So Def, your teeth just got Jagged Edges"
Damn, that was the dagger
That killed my swagger
I never hit that stage again I beg my mom for braces
Then I had a crooked

[Hook]

Growing up just a young knuckle head running wild
Momma youngest everybody knew I was the problem child
Front teeth missing in my smile
Snagga tooth nigga for a while
Liftin up my pillow tooth fairy never came around damn
We was po, but I ain't know
Mouth open at the mirror daily
Lookin', wondering how my teeth would grow
They came slow and out of line
I couldn't comprehend the significance at the time
This crooked smile was just another sign
Saying life ain't fair
Some niggas had the perfect smile with the nice wave hair
Oh yeah remember Brandy Loved her like candy
She went with my nigga sosa
I was scared to approach her
That nigga had the fresh new gear
J's drop. he got a fresh new pair
And there I was with hand me downs
Turned into the class clown, teachers couldn't stand me now
Defense mechanism, lookin' for attention with this crooked smile

[Hook]


Do you wanna, do you wanna be
Do you wanna, do you wanna be
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, free
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy
Do you wanna be, happy
Do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, happy
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be happy
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be, free
Free from pain, free from scars
Free to sang, free from bars
Free my dawgs, you're free to go
Block is hot, the streets is cold
Free to love, to each his own
Free from bills, free from pills
You roll the loud, the speakers blow
Life get hard, you ease your soul
It cleanse your mind, learn to fly
Then reach the stars, you take the time
And look behind and said, "Look where I came
Look how far I done came"
They say that dreams come true
And when they do, that that's a beautiful thing
Do you wanna, do you wanna be happy?
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be free
I said do you wanna, do you wanna be


Rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
Yeah

The real is back, the ville is back
Flow bananas, here, peel this back
And what you'll find is, your highness
Can paint a picture that is vivid enough to cure blindness
Carolina's finest, you knew that already
In terms of the greatest, I proved that already
And if you would like, I do it twice
I just sharpen my blade for a minute became lost in my ways
This for my niggas that was tossed in the graves
Every so often I fade deep in my thoughts
And then get lost in the days
We used to play before your coffin was made
Just got the call nigga got caught with a stray
Hope he's okay
Just got paid what Cochran got paid to free OJ
Just to share my life on the stage in front of strangers
Who know a nigga far too well, and that's the danger
Know me better than I know myself
I rip a page out my notebook in anger
And let these thoughts linger, singing

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

What's the price for a black man life?
I check the toe tag, not one zero in sight
I turn the TV on, not one hero in sight
Unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics
Look out the window cause tonight the city lit up with lights
Cameras and action
May no man alive come through and damage my faction
I brought you niggas with me cause I love you like my brothers
And your mothers' like my mother
Think we need a plan of action
The bigger we get the more likely egos collide, it's just physics
Please let's put our egos aside, you my niggas
And should our worst tendencies turn us into enemies
I hope that we remember these
Nights fulla Hennessey
When Hov around we switch up to that D'usse
Gotta show respect, one day we tryna stay where you stay
Cause we from where you from
Not talkin' bout the slums
I'm talkin' 'bout that mind state that keep a black nigga dumb
Keep a black nigga dyin' by a black nigga gun
And keep on listening to the frontin' ass rap niggas sun
Yeah I said 'sun'
This is New York's finest
For 11 winters straight I took on New York's climate
Like show me New York's ladder
I climb it and set the bar so high that you gotta get Obama to force the air force to find it
Never mind it, you'll never reach that
Cole is the hypnotist, control the game whenever he snap
That's every track, nigga

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

I ain't serve no pies, I ain't slang no dope
I don't bring no lies, niggas sang my quotes
I don't play no games, boy I ain't no joke
Like the great Rakim, when I make my notes
You niggas might be L or you might be Kane
Or you might be Slick Rick with 19 chains
Or you might be Drizzy Drake or Kendrick Lamar
But check your birth date nigga, you ain't the God
Nah you ain't the God
Nigga, Cole the God (Cole the God, Cole the God)
January 28th

Make a million dollars off a rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune
(Sound of baby laughing)
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I wanna make a million dollars of a rap tune
I'm gonna make a million dollars off a rap tune


Cole, Cole world, yeah
Let me take y'all back, man
As I do so well

Wasn't nothin' like that
Man, it wasn't nothin' like that first time
She was in my math class
Long hair, brown skin with a fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it
I was a youngin, straight crushin', tryna play the shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school
Cause when I seen 'em thighs on her
And them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreaming, man, what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up
As time goes by, attractions getting deep, and
Wet dreaming, thinkin' that I'm smashin', but I'm sleepin'
I want it bad, and I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said "You ever had sex before?"
Damn…

[Hook:]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

I wrote back and said, "Of course I had sex before"
Knowing I was frontin'
I said, "I'm like a pro, baby," knowing I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth, I knew that I'd get played out, son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one
But, she don't know that, so she done wrote back and told me
"Oh, you a pro, homie? Well, I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday, baby, we can get to freakin'"
That's when my heart start racing and my body start sweatin'
Baby, you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinking how that body look naked
When you laying on the bed
Teacher, please don't make me stand up
I wrote back like "Yeah, baby, sound like a plan"
Still trying to play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death, my nigga, my stomach turnin'
Talking shit, knowing damn well I was a virgin, fuck

[Hook:]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

You know that feeling when you know you finna bone for the first time?
I'm hoping that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hoping that my shit is big enough to fuck with
And most of all I'm praying, "God, don't let me bust quick"
I'm watching pornos, trying to see just how to stroke right
Practice putting condoms on, how it go, right?
I'm in her crib, now a nigga palms sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touchin'
And her face start blushin', and a nigga roll over on top
And then she get my pants unbuckled
And her hands start rubbin' on me, ooh girl, don't stop
It's time for action: pull out the condoms real smooth
Yeah, just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it
And said, "I wanna get something off my mental
I can tell you're a pro, but baby, be gentle, cause..."

[Hook:]
Cause I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no


I grew up, a fuckin' screw up
Tie my shoe up, wish they was newer
Damn, need somethin' newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I won't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I, could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
Cause I'm tryna stay alive,
In the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet tryna dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? Aye who am I? (Yeah)

Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I always did shit the hard way, my niggas *** slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was broadway, Times Square
Kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller
With more brown hairs than Chubacca
Whispers that he got it for the low low
Sell a, dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peep game
Got home snatched my mama keychain, took her whip
The appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard pull up to my nigga front door
His mama at home, she still let em' hit the blunt though
I told her hello and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash, and just asked
"What a nigga gotta do to get that? Put me on"
He just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga you know how you sound right now?
You won't my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me, when I look up to you
You bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't never want us why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained about my lack of gear
And thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show ol' girl what she missing
The illest nigga alive
Aye who am I?

Things change, rearrange and so do I (Aye who am I?)
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie (Aye who am I?)
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better


Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees my nigga
Used to want a pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it rinsed
But now I see my nigga
That the worlds a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper and they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limps
Fuck being timid in the Civic
Politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse?
Yeah can I get a glimpse?

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Can you blame a nigga that ain't never had things?
Guess not, last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Small town nigga Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know that shit ain't always good as it seems
But tell me till you get it how could you know
How could you know? How could you know?

Listen up I'm about to go and get rich
Fuck with me my nigga
We gon' circle around the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some tree my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And that's the key my nigga
Listen up I'm bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to nigga
Me I want my pockets fat, a badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too nigga
Watch some rollers in the fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, that's what they won't do nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let em' kill your dream it'll haunt you nigga

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things?
Guess not, last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Father forgive me for my childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me, miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command, but
Before you go I've got to, warn you now
Whatever goes up surely, must come down
You get your piece but no peace, won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command


Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

Ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fading you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My uzi, it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, cause niggas say they the one
And I got something to prove
Forgive me lord here they come, BLAOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

My inhibition's fighting my intuition
Premature premonition, showing me the demolition
Of these phony niggas, so ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscing
You want the truth well come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime and checked ya phone and saw it was a number missing
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fry, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me, Cole you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me! BLAOOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt
(Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a king
You tell me ya still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it

Listen
History repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each others flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gon' snatch the crown
Look around, my nigga, white people have snatched the sound
This year I’ll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they'll hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang nigga, I came to bring the pain my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds
One verse at a time, and claim 2-6
And fuck it, if the shoe fits, who's the king?

We all kings
(We all kings nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a BANG the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gonna be no more kings
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power
The reality, he's a coward
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize, the fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side
Today I know that we are the same, are the same, you and I
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God
(It's only one God nigga)
It's for all the kings
Cause I know deep down every poet just wanna be loved


Roll up and smoke my sins away
I'd like to go to St. Tropez
Maybe I'll go maybe I'll stay
Maybe I'll stay
She asked me if I'm scared to fly
To tell the truth I'm terrified
I never been that high before
Very bad reason not to go
Terrible reason not to go

He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's about to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

Ay from the door I showed you my scars and I told you girl, I won't lie
If we at war, then this is a war that I can't afford (No I, I, I)
I wanted more but that was before
Lord knows I'm torn, so I...I.. cry
From the corner of my eye, baby
It's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile

If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood


Hollywood Cole go
Ay Hollywood
Ay Hollywood Cole go
My nigga done went Hollywood

You wanna know just where I'm at
Well let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map
But let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
Man fuck them niggas I come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it
Hands up, everybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like "man that's what everybody say"
Go and pop the trunk and everybody dead
Everybody scared of the nigga
Aware that the nigga is better
All my bitches the pick of the litter
Never bitter
Niggas is faker than anime
Me I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake
Fuck good nigga we demand great
Order Domino's and she take off all her clothes
Nigga you know how it goes, make the pizza man wait
The best kept secret
Even Hov tried to keep it and I leaked the damn tape
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Secret service couldn't keep the man safe

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
(Get the fuck off my dick nigga)
Get off my dick, bitch
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick

Man fuck them niggas I come home and I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough and I don't tell nobody
Lord will you tell me if I changed, I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine, and I won't tell nobody
This is the part that the thugs skip
Young nigga never had love
You know, foot massage, back rub shit
Blowing bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watch years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through
(The break up)
Get to know somebody and you really learn a lot about 'em
Won't be long 'fore you start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you better off without 'em
Then in time you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breathe without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie it's just 1 thing about 'em
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
No more, no more
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga I don't sing about this shit no more)
But every nigga in the club singing

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
But every nigga in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
And all they mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
this song yeah, song yeah
Song yeah, song song yeah

(The make up)
(The make up) This shit is retarded, goddamn
Why every rich black nigga gotta be famous
Why every broke black nigga gotta be brainless
That's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Ariel Heights
Here's a scenario
Young Cole pockets is fat like Lil Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year we'll be on every show
Yeah fuck nigga I'm very sure
Fuck the rest I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home I'm the best in the South
When I'm in LA I'm the best in the West
You contest? You can test, I'mma stretch niggas out
Ooh I'mma stretch niggas out
That go for y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for everybody on my testicle
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, hoe


First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil
For real, you the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant I'mma be a better you
Prophesies that I made way back in the Ville
Fulfill, Listen even back when we was broke my team ill
Martin Luther King would have been on Dreamville
Talk to a nigga

[Pre-hook:]
One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who knows

[Hook:]
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

No role models and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory
I couldn't find one
Last night I was gettin' my feet rubbed
By the baddest bitch, not Trina, but I swear to God
This bitch will make you call your girl up and tell her "Hey, what's good?"
"Sorry I'm never comin' home I'mma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up, and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
Before I started callin' bitches bitches so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody
You wasn't sweatin' me

[Pre-hook]

[Hook]

I want a real love, dark skinned and Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out of touch with reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back 5 or 6 hoes
Fuck em' then we kick em' to the door
Nigga you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt before she leave
I'mma need my shirt back
Nigga you know how it go

[Pre-hook]

[Hook]

There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas - probably in Tennessee that says fool me once, shame on - shame on you.
If you fool me we can't get fooled again

Fool me one time shame on you
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you
Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs
Load the chopper, let it rain on you
[2x]

My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script the bitch probably couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face cause they know it's they song
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)

[Hook 2x]


[Pre-Hook:]
Hello [x6]

[Hook:]
And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes 2 now
Oh what do I do now?

Cause if we ever got together
I'd have to be them niggas step-pops forever
And well that ain't my thing cause I
I ain't even got my own
And I ain't really got no home
No place to put these things I own
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the games you used to play
And I thought about that little kid
And I thought about the things we did
I always thought that we would be together
I always knew that we would be together
But I don't wanna wait forever
I don't wanna wait forever

[Pre-Hook]

Hello, hello?
Shit seem so sad when you look back [x9]
Everything's so sad when you look back

On the rebound like a book back
On the rebound like a put back
Don't just sit back, bitch get on it
Time fly by way too quick don't it
Reflection bring regrets don't it
Rejection makes you defensive
So you protect your pride with your reflexes
But life is a game with no reset on the end

It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good
[x2]

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook]


Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

This is my canvas
I'mma paint it how I want it baby, oh I
This is my canvas
I'mma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you 'cause there
There is no right or wrong
Only a song
I like to write alone
Be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama
And foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasin' panties, gettin' dome
Had no clue what you was goin' through
How could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish?
I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl
Damn, she so selfless, but she put up with my way
Because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show I love her just like I love you
And I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever, so we could spend more time together
I love you mama

I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

Apparently, You believe in me, You believe in me
Apparently, You believe in me and I thank you for it

Another day another rhyme hoe
Another day another time zone
Today I woke up feelin' horny so it's only right
I got two bitches playin' on my trombone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat em up, and regurgitate me
Shit jumped tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me
Nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's a AP nigga
I'm hot dog, catch up to me nigga
Uh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was ridin' on fumes so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sittin' on the hood of this bitch
Like thanks for the view
Waitin' on thanks from a few 'cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit gave you the blueprint don't forget
Cold as your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showin' off
Niggas swear they hard but they flowin' soft
I'm taking off like boing on a big ass Boeing
Gettin' head like a coin toss
Too easy

I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

Apparently, You believe in me, You believe in me
Apparently, You believe in me and I thank you for it


Love yours
Love yours
No such thing

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas, mad snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived
Don't be sleepin' on your level cause it's beauty in the struggle nigga
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle nigga
(Let me explain)
It's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
Hear my words or listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and though some times we had less
Compared to some of my niggas down the block
Man, we were blessed
And life can't be no fairytale, no once upon a time
But I be God damned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me mama please why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches listen this is what you'll find
The good news is nigga you came a long way
The bad news is nigga you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I asked for strength from the Lord up above
Cause I've been strong so far
But I can feel my grip loosening
Quick, do something before you lose it for good
Get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of living with demons
Cause they always inviting more
Think being broke was better
Now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there living in debt
Cashing minimal checks
Turn on the TV see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely
And that's a nigga who was once in your shoes
Living with nothin' to lose
I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes
That's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy till you love yours

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas, mad snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive


[Hook:]
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter
It don't matter
I don't mind cause you don't matter
I don't mind cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter)
You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old is forever
Something that's old is forever
Love
Love
Love
Love

[Hook]

[Outro:]
Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. We made it, baby! As we speak the last sample just cleared. Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit. Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit. I gotta do my thank you's man. I didn't have enough time to turn my thank you's for the artwork, so fuck it. I'm a do it right now

This is the credits. This is role credits nigga, if you don't wanna sit through the credits get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre. First and foremost my entire Dreamville team, thank you man. Before that I'm buggin, thank you God! Oh my God. Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing

Thank you God. Thank my Dreamville family. Mez who fuckin' sleep right now, that nigga ain't even recording this thing right now. Nigga's been working' hard man, Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit. Ib what up. El Presidente what up! We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga! I don't give a fuck if we sell 3 copies nigga, we killed this shit nigga!

My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real. Ron Gilmore, my nigga. Yes, Camille, yes that's my sister. Casey, that's like a father figure right there, Casey. My brother Ced, wow, we done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray Street. My nigga Felton, you killed it, you killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga and you killed this one too man. I shoulda been coming to you man. You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real. My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity, you already know where he at right now posted up somewhere in D.R. My nigga RJ Trump Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread, you know what it is man. My nigga Diz, I see you, I see your vision, I believe in you. I love y'all niggas. Big D, thank you man for real. (Teddy what up) (Shotgun) We believe in y'all, (Proof!) you and the fiends, my nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it nigga! (Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'. Keep goin', the sky is the limit. Fuck that, man, Super Mooking Fiends. It's Super Mooking Fiends nigga!

My nigga Depp, you know what I mean? Razzle Dazzle, Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite what up! What up man, my nigga Reagan put in them hours! My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes, that shit is a confirmed classic, man. Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'. Yo Elijah! Aye if we go diamond, nigga you got the triple crown, man. First 50, then Usher, nigga you fuckin' out of here. But we might go wood though. Nervous Wreck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you. (At least go silver) Filthy, I love you too, man. I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you. Yo shout to the young niggas, man. Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man, we feel so grateful

Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga. I be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man. I've been livin' with that shit for like the past 4 days, I finally got a chance to slow down. That shit is a classic, my nigga. Congratulations to you. We don't give a fuck what it sold, I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man. And I'm proud of you, man. I'm proud of you and your homeboys. Y'all it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow. I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than we did! I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time. Shout out to the whole committee, man. Tone, Meez, what up. My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man? Treat them boys right, man

Everybody that was involved in makin' this album, my nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up man!? Yo you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man! You gotta loop the beat up right now though cause it can't... okay Raff, Rugged Raff, Perfect Sound Studios, LA we couldn't have did it without you. My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS, Kaye Fox came through and killed it. My nigga Quick with the clean versions, Vinylz killed that beat! My nigga Phonix, oh that beat is hard! Dahi brought that beat, who does that? Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you man, and Willie B, I never met you, but you did the beat.! llmind you killed the beat, Social Experiment, my nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean? Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man! We gon' pay you. Hey, the horn players that came through, I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man, we was lovin' that shit! Shout out to all the girls on the mothafuckin' strings. We appreciate it. Guess that shit a little wild, I ain't gon' lie. Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph. But it's all good, we still killed it though. And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you, y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man! I'm a go to the fuckin' Supreme Court and try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man. If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art, and you put it into the world, I should be able to use it however the fuck I want. I'm a pay you, I'm a give you a percentage, but you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it. Ya, that's fuckin'... that's fucked up nigga. You was inspired by the world allow the world to be inspired by your shit, and to use your shit. So all them people like [*censored*] or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit, fuck that man. It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit. Fuck that man we movin' on

Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale, I'm so happy to be peers with y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends. And I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick. I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man. We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man, it's love at the top. Can't you believe, it's crazy to believe we sitting right here in these mother fuckin' seats right now. 15 years ago we was lookin' at these niggas like "man we gotta be these niggas! ". Now we those niggas, but it's our responsibility to show these niggas man it's love up here. Niggas want beef, niggas want drama, fuck that we comin' together

Shout out to everybody in Ferguson right now still ridin', still ridin'. Everybody else asleep, y'all still ridin'. And it's bigger than Ferguson, man that shit is fuckin' nationwide man. We gotta come together, look at each other, love each other. We share a common story nigga that's pain, struggle. And guess what man, we can come together, and that's one things that's gon' do it, that's love. I'm just telling y'all, that's a Public Service Announcement

Back to this shit, yo. ByStorm, I love y'all niggas man, no matter what. Wayne, Just, MK thank you man you came on board and killed it. Natalya, what's up! My nigga Julius Garcia, I already shouted you out but I shouted out your alias and I just put your whole government on record and this gon' live forever. Tisha, Tisha, you know I love you Tisha!

Future the Prince, thank you for those conversations man I needed that.Roc Nation daamnn, we feel like a family now man, forreal. It was always family but it's so ill to see us come together on this album, thank y'all very much man. Thank y'all for believing, I know this is a scary idea, I don't know if it's gonna work or not, as I speak, I don't gave a fuck! Fuck man, I'm just happy we did this shit. Shout out to Nelly, Ted, Christina, Chaka I love you, Jeff what up, Jay-Z, Hov, holla! Jay Brown what up! Rich Kleiman, Ty-Ty, my nigga Emory, you know what it is

Shout out to Interscope. Yeah, Joey I.E, 'preciate you, Janet, Gary, Steve Berman, yeah. Columbia, we love y'all man, damn. I'm runnin out of breath and shit. I'm sad this is my last album with Columbia, it's not my fault it's all contractual, but I love the fuck out of y'all, we made relationships there that ain't never going away (Lisa Wiggins!). Ain't never know what the future holds man. We hope we can do business some day. April, thank you very much my baby, Ayelet, you are a legend, we fuckin' love you

CJ same to you man, y'all been killin' this shit for years, thank you man, thank you. Rob Stringer, thank you sir, Joe [?], yes sir. The whole sales team, production, marketing team. My man B Nolan who drove us around in a fuckin' van and a SUV and showed us all about the radio game, man. And we ain't had no hits, all we had was fuckin' "Who Dat." Tryin' figure this shit out man and I figured it out. B Nolan I finally figured it out. I know you like "damn this nigga talking to me", I'm talking to you man. Cause you used to hear us stressin' over this shit, and I finally figured it out man. Don't none of that shit matter yo. I came all this way, all the way from Fayetteville, North Carolina. Went to New York City got this motherfuckin' record deal. Put out some classics, put out some singles. Had my ups, had my downs. Came all this way just to learn one thing man, and only one fuckin' thing matters and that's your happiness. And the only way you gon' get to that happiness is through love, real, geniuine, motherfuckin' love man. Not the fake shit, not the Hollywood shit, not the niggas giving you props so you think you the shit. Not motherfuckers knowing you so you think you famous. Not niggas seeing your whip and they want your whip so you feel good cause they want your whip. Or they want your bitch, so you feel better, fuck that, real love. Where your crib is at nigga where your heart is at, where your home is at, where your mom is at, where your girl is at

Mimi what up! I'm fuckin' up my words, I don't care. How am I not gon' shout out Mimi man, fuck that shit keep the tape rollin'. We still goin'. Wassup man! Forest Hills Drive we gon' do this shit, if you ain't listening to this shit, I don't give a fuck, nigga it's the fuckin' credits. Don't nobody stay for the movie credits anyway man

My Mama OOOOOOOOOOOH, I love you! I'm so grateful, blessed to have you. Still in my life, a lot of people ain't got their mothers in they life still and I recognise that I'm blessed. Mama I love you. Zach I love you. My pops I love you. James Cole I love you, Jackie I love ya. My whole family I love ya. I'm so grateful man, thank y'all. It all came full circle and I had to put this shit out in 2014. We barely made, yo Ib we barely made it nigga. We barely fuckin' made it but we fuckin' made it man. Fuck y'all, but I love y'all at the same time man

Man look, y'all really wanna know who did it? I'm a tell y'all who did this shit man. Man, Dale Earnhardt jr dawg. I'm never gon' forget, this is gonna sound crazy but I'm never gonna forget that shit you told me yo. Forreal Dale Earnhardt jr man, thank you dawg. From the bottom of my heart. That shit you said to me changed my life man. And I ain't never gon' forget, ever forreal. For real Dale, form me to you, you my nigga man, forreal. I love you boy. And Jonah! Oh Jonah Hill! How could I forget Jonah Hill! Yo, that shit you told me when we was in the elevator, nigga that shit changed my... I'm just fuckin' playin', I don't know either one of those two dudes. I don't know either one of them niggas, I was in the moment. I just lied, I don't give a fuck

2014 Forest Hills Drive. Cole World man. Thank y'all for listening. If you made it this far then I really fuck with you. Until the next time, I don't know when that's gonna be but, One love baby!

Love
Love
Love
Love


I see the, I see the..
I see the, I see the..
I see the rain pouring down
Before my very eyes
Should come as no surprise
I see the, I see the rain pouring down
Before my very eyes
Should come as no surprise

I'm searching and praying and hoping for something
I know I'm gon' see it, I know that it's coming
Lord, Lord..
But what do you do when there's no place to turn?
I have no one, I'm lonely, my bridges have burnt down
Lord, Lord..

The bells getting loud, ain't nowhere to hide
Got nowhere to go, put away my pride
Tired of feeling low even when I'm high
Ain't no way to live, do I wanna die?
I don't know, I don't know
Bells getting loud, ain't nowhere to hide
Got nowhere to go, put away my pride
Tired of feeling low even when I'm high
Ain't no way to live, do I wanna die?
I don't know, I don't know

Bells gettin' louder, louder

I see the rain pouring down


Now I was barely seventeen with a pocket full of hope
Screamin', dollar and a dream with my closet lookin' broke
And my nigga's lookin' clean, gettin' caught up with that dope
Have you ever served a fiend with a pocket full of soap?
Nigga I can tell you things that you probably shouldn't know
Have you ever heard the screams when the body hit the floor?
Flashbacks to the pain, wakin' up, cold sweats
Six o'clock in the mornin', gotta hit the BoFlex
Get my weight up on the block, keep watch for the cops
God they love to serve a nigga three hots and a cot
Nowadays crime pays like a part time job
And the drought got me prayin' for a car time vibe
Summer Rain come again
Numb the pain 'cause it's hard for a felon
In my mind I been cryin', know it's wrong but I'm sellin'
Eyes wellin' up with tears
Thinkin' 'bout my niggas dead in the dirt
Immortalized on this shirt

Real niggas don't die
Form with the plot
One-Seven-Forty-Five
Form at the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Hood niggas don't lie
Form on the plot
My niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Real niggas don't die
Real niggas don't die

Have you ever seen a fiend cook crack on the spoon?
Have you ever seen a nigga that was black on the moon?
Have you ever seen your brother go to prison as you cried?
Have you ever seen a motherfuckin' ribbon in the sky?
Nope, all I see is that C.R.E.A.M nigga, that green
I'm a black king, black jeans on my black queen
And her ass fat, too fat for a flat screen
I'm the type of nigga make the whole fuckin' trap lean
Kingpin nigga, put wings on a crack fiend
If they want a nigga, they gon' have to send a SWAT team
And I'm goin' out like Scarface in his last scene
A legend, what that mean?

Real niggas don't die
Form with the plot
One-Seven-Forty-Five
Form at the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Hood niggas don't lie
Form on the plot
My niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Real niggas don't die
Form on the plot
Real niggas don't die
Real niggas don't die

To die a young legend or live a long life unfulfilled
'Cause you wanna change the world
But while alive you never will
'Cause they only feel you after you gone, or I've been told
And now I'm caught between bein' heard and gettin' old
Damn, death creepin' in my thoughts lately
My one wish in this bitch make it quick if the Lord take me
I know nobody meant to live forever anyway
And so I hustle like my niggas in Virgini-A
They tellin' niggas sell dope, rap or go to NBA, in that order
It's that sort of thinkin' that been keepin' niggas chained
At the bottom and hanged
The strangest fruit that you ever seen, ripe with pain
Listen...


Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her

Sometimes you worry bout the things he can provide for ya
Whenever you around I seem to come alive for ya
I finally recognize the feelings that's inside for ya
Although I know your man and trust me he would die for ya
These quiet thoughts of you been going on for years now
I saw you in the party, soft lips, soft spoken
I came and talked to you but homie interfered now
He introduced you as his girl and I was heartbroken
Some people talk about that love at first sight shit
To keep it real I don't know whether I believe it's true
But if it is then tell me if I'm wrong or right
If I fell in love with you before I ever even knew
I catch your eye then look away as if it never happened
At times I feel as though I'm caught up in a strange dream
If eyes could talk then mines would tell ya that I'm feeling you
Sometimes I swear your eyes be telling me the same thing

She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams (listen)
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams (listen)

Club jumping, don't stop, off top
But you know we only go 'till 2 o'clock
Put yo motherfuckin' hood up, it's the weekend
Drop that, back that ass up and bitches get to freaking
Last call at the bar, ladies get a drink, nigga get some balls
Ain't no telling you gonna see that bitch tomorrow
Stop holding up the wall waiting for the right song
Better holla cause you know they bout to cut the lights on

And put my number in it..
I'm staring at you from afar, I'm wondering about you
Like, where you from and who you are?
'Cause you a star—no, not the type that snort the white lines
I mean the type to light the night time, I heard you got a man
But who in their right mind letting you out the house alone?
Tell me is your house a home?
Why you in the club looking like you out your zone?
Now be discreet and pull out your phone and put my number in it
Text a nigga when your man leave you unattended
On a scale from 1 to 10 that girl's a hundred and I want it
No question, I know destiny well
And though I sin the Lord blessing me still
Every saint got a past, every sinner got a future
Every loser gotta win and every winner gotta lose someday
They say it's just a matter of time
And if I had my way then you would be mine

She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams (listen)
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams
She fuck with small town niggas, I got bigger dreams

Club jumping, don't stop, off top
But you know we only go 'till 2 o'clock
Put yo motherfuckin' hood up, it's the weekend
Drop that, back that ass up and bitches get to freaking
Last call at the bar, ladies get a drink, nigga get some balls
Ain't no telling you gonna see that bitch tomorrow
Stop holding up the wall waiting for the right song
Better holla 'cause you know they bout to cut the lights on

I know you were made for me but
Darling don't you wait for me
'Cause I can see the promised land
But I can't do no promising
I know you were made for me but
Darling don't you wait for me
'Cause I can see the promised land
But I can't do no promising

Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her
Aye, put a finger in the sky if you want it, nigga
Aye, put two fingers in the sky if you want her


How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?

Trials and tribulations
I'm facing in this age of information, I hate this shit
Cause niggas hit my phone when they want some shit
Bitches hit my phone when they want some dick
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
Damn it, won't be long 'fore I disappear
You call it runnin', I call it escapin'
Start a new life in a foreign location
Similar to my niggas duckin' cases
Can't take the possible time that it faces

How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?

My dad, he died, he got shot cause his friend set him up.
And I didn't go to his funeral..and sometimes when I'm in my room, I get mad at my momma when she mean to me.
And she..and she say, clean up..I say..

Nigga play me, never
Give up my chain, never
Give up my pride, never
Show my pain, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never
Nigga play me, never
Give up my chain, never
Give up my pride, never
Show 'em my pain, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never
Dirt on my name, never

How long can I survive with this mentality?
How long can I survive with this mentality?

I get mad, I slam my door and go in my room..
And then, I get mad and I say, "I wish my dad was here"


I never felt so alive, I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive (I never felt so alive)
I never felt so alive (I never felt so alive)

Catch me, don't you..
Catch me, don't you catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time
I wanna cry and I ain't even tryna fight it
Don't wanna die (I don't wanna die no more)
Cause now you're here
And I just wanna be right by your side
On any night that you be crying baby
I'll dry your eyes, I'll dry your eyes

Every time you go to sleep you look like you in heaven
Plus the head game is stronger than a few Excedrin
You shine just like the patent leather on my new 11's
You read me like a book like I'm the Bible, you the Reverend
Yeah, I wanna tell the truth to you
I wanna talk about my days as a youth to you
Exposing you to all my demons and the reasons I'm this way
I would like to paint a picture, but it'll take more than a day
It would take more than some years to get all over all my fears
Preventing me from letting you see all of me perfectly clear
The same wall that's stopping me
From letting go and shedding tears
From the lack of having father, and the passing of my peers
While I'm too scared to expose myself
It turns out, you know me better than I know myself
Better than I know myself, well how about that?

She gets him, you get me
She hugs him, you kiss me
You tell me, you miss me
And I believe you, I believe you
She gets him, you get me
She hugs him, you kiss me
You tell me, you miss me
And I believe you, I believe you
Catch me, don't you..
Catch me, don't you catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time


My intuition is telling me they'll be better days
Yeah, my intuition is telling me they'll be better days
I like this tone..

Yeah, my intuition is telling me they'll be better days
I sit in silence and and find whenever I meditate
My fears alleviate, my tears evaporate
My faith don't deviate, ideas don't have a date
But see I'm growing and getting stronger with every breath
Bringing me closer to heaven's doors with every step
As we speak I'm in peace, no longer scared to die
Most niggas don't believe in God and so they terrified
It's either that or they be fearing they gon' go to Hell
Asking the father for forgiveness
God, I'm overwhelmed (Please God, I want to go to Heaven)
As if he's spiteful like them white folks that control the jail
See I believe if God is real, he'll never judge a man
Because he knows us all and therefore he would understand
The ignorance that make a nigga take his brother's life
The bitterness and pain that got him beating on his wife

I know you desperate for a change at the pen glide
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from..
In cemeteries or in chains I see men cry
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from..

Yeah, my chosen religion: Jesus piece frozen from sinnin'
Doin' dirt hoping to God He know my intentions
To see a million 'fore I see a casket
I got a baby on the way know he gon' be a bastard
I'm living fast like I'm in a drag race, how that cash taste
When I was a senior I was ballin' on my classmates
Niggas put three bullets in my car one hit the gas tank
Know I got a angel cause I'm supposed to have a halo
Right now, my lifestyle destined for a federal facility
For my ability to make them birds fly
Fiends wanna get higher than a bird's eye view
And who am I tell a nigga what to do?
I just apply this economics
My business ain't got the suit and tie
Keep a pistol at all times, niggas want what's mine
I can't oblige dog, I work too hard
So reach for it, get referred to God; I'm going hard nigga

I know you desperate for a change at the pen glide
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from..
In cemeteries or in chains I see men cry
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from inside
But the only real change come from..

Yeah, prodigal son
Got a new gun, this one
Don't run out of ammo lately been working on my handles
Can I ball, become a star, and remain my self
If I fall, dust it off and regain my self
Fuck 'em all, they don't know all the pain I felt
I'm in awe, after all the fame I felt I evolve
I no longer bury demons
I be a vessel for the truth until I'm barely breathing, I'm singing

Life is all about the evolution
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more
You can dream but don't neglect the execution
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more
Time is short that's what somebody told me
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more
Too short to keep following your homies
I give up, I give in, I move back a little
I live up, I look up, now I'm back for more

I reminisce back to a time where niggas threw they hands
All of a sudden niggas pop a trunk and then we scram
Finger on trigger make a little nigga understand
What it's like to finally be the motherfuckin' man
Eyes wide that's from the power that the coward feels
Niggas die over bitches disrespecting dollar bills
Bloodshed that turned the city to a battlefield
I call it poison, you call it real (pop, pop, pop, pop)
That's how you feel?

Pistols be poppin' and niggas drop in a heartbeat
Scattered like roaches, a body laid on the concrete
Body laid on the concrete
Look, somebody laid on the concrete
No time for that, ain't no lookin' back, cause I'm running too
I made it home, I woke up and turned on the morning news
Overcame with a feeling I can't explain
'Cause that was my nigga James that was slain, he was 22
(Last night at around...) He was 22
(22 year old black male, suspect, poor...)

(I swear to God bruh)
We're gathered here today...
(I swear to God)
To mourn the life of James McMillan Jr
(I swear to God—nigga, I'mma kill them niggas man)
A tragedy, another tragedy in the black community
(I promise you bro...)
We got to do better, people
22 years old, this boy was too young
(I promise you bro, I'mma kill them niggas bro...)
Our condolences go to his family, our prayers
(I'mma kill them niggas myself...)
We know he's in a better place
We know he's in a better place
But this has got to end, ladies and gentleman
We've got to come together, this is, this is beyond words
Now I'd like to open this ceremony with a verse fro...


I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope

Yeah, I don't want no picture with the president
I just wanna talk to the man
Speak for the boys in the bando
And my nigga never walkin' again
Apologize if I'm harpin' again
I know these things happen often
But I'm back on the scene
I was lost in a dream as I write this
The team down in Austin
I been buildin' me a house
Back home in the South, ma
Won't believe what it's costin'
And it's fit for a king, right?
Or a nigga that could sing
And explain all the pain that it cost him
My sixteen should've came with a coffin
Fuck the fame and the fortune
Well, maybe not the fortune
But one thing is for sure though
The fame is exhaustin'
That's why I moved away, I needed privacy
Surrounded by the trees and Ivy League
Students that's recruited highly
Thinkin' "You do you and I do me"
Crib has got a big 'ol back 'ol yard
My niggas stand outside and pass cigars
Filled with marijuana, laughin' hard
Thankful that they friend's a platinum star
In the driveway there's no rapper cars
Just some shit to get from back and forth
Just some shit to get from back and forth
Welcome to the Sheltuh, this is pure
We'll help you if you've felt too insecure
To be the star you always knew you were
Wait, I think police is at the door

Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
Hm, I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope sellin' dope
The neighbors think I'm—neighbors think I'm—
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Well motherfucker, I am

Some things you can't escape:
Death, taxes, and a racist society that make
Every nigga feel like a candidate
For a Trayvon kinda fate
Even when your crib sit on a lake
Even when your plaques hang on a wall
Even when the president jam your tape
Took a little break just to annotate
How I feel, damn, it's late
I can't sleep cause I'm paranoid
Black in a white man territory
Cops bust in with the army guns
No evidence of the harm we done
Just a couple neighbors that assume we slang
Only time they see us we be on the news, in chains, damn
Don't follow me
Don't follow me
Don't follow me
Don't follow me

Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
Hm, I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
The neighbors think I'm...neighbors think I'm
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
(Don't follow me, don't follow me...)
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Well motherfucker, I am

I am, I am, I am, I am
Well, motherfucker, I am
I think the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope
I am, I am, I am
Well, motherfucker, I am
So much for integration
Don't know what I was thinkin'
I'm movin' back to south side
So much for integration
Don't know what I was thinkin'
I'm movin' back to south side


I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
Feels so much better than the wrong thing
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
Feels so much better than the wrong thing
I wanna fold clothes for you

I wanna fold clothes for you
Woke up this morning
Feeling like the best version of me, so happy
I, walked in the living room
And saw you all alone on the couch, just napping
I—I see a lot on your plate
9 months with that weight
I know you tired so, I wonder how I can help
I get the basket and grab your clothes out the dryer, oh
I wanna fold clothes for you

I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
Feels so much better than the wrong thing
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
Feels so much better than the wrong thing
I wanna fold clothes for you

Listen, this is a meditation for me
A practice of being present
There's no where I need to be, except right here with you
Except right here with you
Foldin' clothes, watching Netflix
Catching up on our shows, eating breakfast
Raisin Bran in my bowl with bananas and some almond milk
I never thought I'd see the day I'm drinking almond milk
You soft!

I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
Feels so much better than the wrong thing
I said I wanna fold clothes for you
I wanna make you feel good
Baby I wanna do the right thing
That's so much better than the wrong thing
I wanna fold clothes for you

If I can make life easier, the way you do mine
Save you some time, alleviate a bit of stress from your mind
Help you relax, let you recline babe
Then I should do it, cause Heaven only knows
How much you have done that for me
Now I see it's the simple things
It's the simple things, it's the simple things
Now say, "I love you", it's the simple things
It's the simple things, it's the simple things

Niggas from the hood is the best actors
We the ones that got to wear our face backwards
Put your frown on before they think you soft
Never smile long or take your defense off
Acting tough so much we start to feel hard
Live from the city where they pull cards
I got a Glock 40 and a little nine
Ready for the day a nigga pull mine
Niggas from the hood is the best actors
Got learn to speak in ways that's unnatural
Just to make it through the job interviews
If my niggas heard me, they'd say "Damn what's gotten into you?"
Just trying to make it dog, somehow
Peaking through the blinds, I see the sun now
I see you're still sleeping and it feels like
Maybe everything is gon' be alright


Catch me, don't you
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, I've fallen in love
For the first time
For you I drop the tough guy shit
On this bus I sit

Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Thinking bout you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Needin' me, wantin' me, givin' me a chance to feel special to somebody in a world where they not lovin' me

Handcuffs keep huggin the, wrists of my niggas
And I wish stuff was different here
But if I had a magic wand to make the evil disappear
That means that there would be no Santa Claus no more
To bring you Christmas cheer
'Cause what he represents is really greed and the need
To purchase shit from corporations that make a killin'
Because they feed on the wallets of the poor
Who be knockin' on they door, every Black Friday
Just to get some shit they can't afford
Even with the discount, write a check, that shit bounce
But as long as we got credit, it don't matter, the amount
We just swipin' shit here, we don't love, we just likin' shit here
What's that smell, where's your diaper shit here
Lay on your back, don't pee right now or else I'll have to get you back
One day when you gon' want to get your way
Yeah I'll have fun with that
Reminisce when you came out the womb
Tears of joy I think filled up the room
You are now the reason that I fight
I ain't never did nothing that's right in my whole life
Got me thinking...

Am I worthy of this gift
Am I strong enough to lift, into a place that I can see
Someone more important than me?
Am I worthy of this gift?
Am I strong enough to lift, into a place that I can see
Someone more important than me?
Am I worthy of this gift?

People ask me how I did this shit
I'm gon' do a humble stunt act like I meant this shit
That's the ego taking credit for what God made
Fuck this album shit hey mama look what God made
She's mine
Catch me
Don't you, catch me
Don't you, catch me, I've fallen in love for the first time
I wanna cry, and I ain't even tryna fight it
Don't wanna die, cause now your here
And I just wanna be right by your side
On any night that you be cryin' baby
I dry your eyes, I dry your eyes

There is a God
It is a God
Yeah, it is a God
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, don't you
I've fallen in love
For the first time


For your eyes only,
For your eyes only
For your eyes

Hey
Niggas be dying on the daily
It seems my dreams faded for far too long, the consequences deadly
Can't visualize myself as nothing but a criminal
Control the block, serving up rocks and stay subliminal
'Cause young niggas is hard headed, they letting off
Full of adrenaline, ignorant to what death can cause
Ain't no coming back, family dressed in black
Plus it's hot now, the cops outside it's hard to flip a pack
And my daughter gotta eat, her mama be stressing me like I ain't the one who put them Jays on her feet
Like I ain't out in the field like that
I might be low for the moment but I will bounce back
Despite the charges, back to the wall I fight regardless, screaming, "Fuck the law!", my life is lawless
That's what you call it
Ain't got to be no psychic to see this is like the farthest thing from heaven
This is hell and I don't mean that hyperbolic
I try to find employment even if it's wiping toilets
But these felonies be making life the hardest
Resisting the temptation to run up and swipe a wallet
Or run up on your yard, snatch your daughter bike and pawn it
That's why I write this sonnet
If the pressure get too much for me to take and I break
Play this tape for my daughter and let her know my life is on it
For your eyes
Let her know my life is on it
For your eyes 
For your eyes only

For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes 

You're probably grown now so this song'll hit you
If you're hearing this unfortunately means that I'm no longer with you
In the physical, not even sure if I believe in God
But because you still alive
He got me praying that the spiritual is real
So I can be a part of you still, my pops was killed too
So I know how part of you feels
Maybe you hate me, maybe you miss me, maybe you spite me
Life goes in cycles, maybe you'll date a nigga just like me
I hope not, I'm tired of dope spots
And fiends that smoke rocks, I've seen far too many niggas hopes rot
I'm writing this because me and the devil had a dance
Now I see death around the corner, apologizing in advance
Don't know if I ever had a chance
At a glance I'm a failure, addicted to pushing paraphernalia
But Daddy had dreams once, my eyes had a gleam once
Innocence disappeared by the age of eight years
My Pops shot up, drug related
Mama addicted
So Granny raised me in projects where thugs was hanging
Blood was staining the concrete
Older niggas I loved talked like they was above maintaining a time sheet
That slow money, picked up the family business
By the age of thirteen, six years later was handed sentence
Round the same time is when you came in this world
Me and your mama thinking, what the fuck we naming this girl?
I told her Nina, the prettiest name that I could think of
For the prettiest thing my eyes had ever seen
I was nineteen, took me two felonies to see the trap, this crooked ass system set for me
And now I fear it's too late for me to ever be the one that set examples that was never set for me
I'm living fast, but not fast enough 'cause karma keeps on catching up to me
And if my past becomes the death of me, I hope you understand

For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes. Do you understand? me

It's several ways I could've went out, too many to count
Was it the trigger happy crackers that the badges give clout
Was it the young niggas, blasting frustrated 'cause the cash running out
Niggas don't know how to act in a drought
See baby girl I realized, my definition of a real nigga was skewed
My views misshaped by new mixtapes
That confirmed the shit I learned in the streets was true
That real niggas don't speak when they beef with you
They just pull up on your street, let the heat achoo
And if a real nigga hungry he gon' eat your food
I was a fool, spent all my time ducking school, ducking cops
Ducking rules, hugging blocks that don't love you
I pray you find a nigga with goals and point of views
Much broader than the corner, if not it's gon' corner you
Into a box, where your son don't even know his pops
And the cyclical nature of doing time continues
My worst fear is one day that you come home from school and see your father face while hearing 'bout tragedy on news
I got the strangest feeling your daddy gonna lose his life soon
And sadly if you're listening now it must mean it's true
But maybe there's a chance that it's not
And this album remains locked in a hard drive like valuable jewels
And I can teach you this in person like I'm teaching you to tie your own shoes
I love you and I hope to God I don't lose you
For your eyes only

For your eyes
For your eyes only
For your eyes
For your eyes only
For your eyes. Do you understand?
For your eyes 

One day your daddy called me, told me he had a funny feeling
What he'd been dealing with lately, he wasn't telling
I tried to pick his brains, still he wasn't revealing
But I could feel the sense of panic in his voice and it was chilling
He said "Jermaine, I knew you since we was children I never asked for nothing
When times was hard I never had discussions with you begging you to help me
I dealt with the repercussions of my actions
I know you tried to steer me 'way from that shit
But that shit was in my blood, you know my life
I know your mama nigga, send my love
In case I never get a chance to speak again
I won't forget the weekends spent sleeping at your crib
That's the way I wished my family lived
But my granny crib was in the 'jects
I had to interject like, "Nigga what you talking 'bout? Fuck is you getting at?"
He said, "Listen, I got no time to dive into descriptions
But I've been having premonitions, just call it visions from the other side
I got a feeling I won't see tomorrow, like the time I'm living on is borrowed
With that said the only thing I'm proud to say I was a father
Write my story down and if I pass go play it for my daughter when she ready
And so I'm leaving you this record for your eyes only, don't you ever scratch or disrespect it
This perspective is a real one, another lost Ville son
I dedicate these words to you and all the other children
Affected by the mass incarceration in this nation
That sent your pops to prison when he needed education
Sometimes I think this segregation would've done us better
Although I know that means I would never be brought into this world
'Cause my daddy was so thrilled when he found him a white girl to take back to Jonesborough with
'Lil Zach and Cole World barely one years old, now it's thirty years later making sure the story's told
Girl your daddy was a real nigga, not 'cause he was cold
Not because he was the first to get some pussy twelve years old
Not because he used to come through in the Caddy on some vogues
Not because he went from bagging up them grams to serving O's
Nah your daddy was a real nigga, not 'cos he was hard
Not because he lived a life of crime and sat behind some bars
Not because he screamed fuck the law, although that was true
Your daddy was a real nigga 'cause he loved you."
For your eyes only


Can someone please turn off my mind?
My thoughts are racing all the time
There is no reason or no rhyme
I'm trapped inside myself

A newborn baby has two primary modes of communication
Laughter, which says, "I love this"
Or crying, which says, "This frightens me, I'm in pain"
Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely

At the bottom of the hourglass
Lies sand that represents the past
In which all of my demons rest
I'm calling out for help

There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely

Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
Choose wisely, choose wisely, choose wisely
K-O-D


Go, go, go
Go, go, go
Go, go, go
Go, go, go

This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

Wow, niggas been crampin' my style
Blowin' my high, they want a reply
The number one question is, "How?"
How does it feel now that you on?
How much you worth? How big is your home?
How come you won't get a few features?
I think you should? How 'bout I don't?
How 'bout you just get the fuck off my dick?
How 'bout you listen and never forget?
Only gon' say this one time, then I'll dip
Niggas ain't worthy to be on my shit
Haven't you heard? I'm as cold as the tip
Tip of the iceberg that tipped the Titanic
No tip-toein' around it, my shit is gigantic
As big as the fuckin' Atlantic, I'm lit, bitch

This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

How I grew up, only few would've loved
'Member I got my first view of the blood
I'm hangin' out and they shoot up the club
My homie got pharmaceutical plug
I smoke the drug and it run through my vein
I think it's workin', it's numbin' the pain
Don't give no fuck and I'm somewhat insane
Don't give no fuck and I'm somewhat insane
Yeah, at this shit daily
Sipped so much Actavis, I convinced Actavis that they should pay me
If practice made perfect, I'm practice's baby
If practice made perfect, I'm practice's baby
Platinum wrist ridin' in back like Miss Daisy
Platinum disc and I own masters, bitch, pay me
Y'all niggas trappin' so lacksiyal daisy
My nigga sell crack like it's back in the '80s
Know a young nigga, he acting'so crazy
He serve a few packs and he jack a Mercedes
He shoot at the police, he clap at old ladies
He don't give a fuck if them crackers gon' hang him
Bitches been askin', "Where have you done lately?"
I stacked a few M's like my last name was Shady
My life is too crazy, no actor could play me
My life is too crazy, no actor could play me

This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit
This here's what you call a flip
Ten keys from a quarter brick
Bentley from his mama's whip
K.O.D., he hard as shit

Power, greed. money, Molly, weed
Percs, Xannys, lean, fame
And the strongest drug of them all
And the strongest drug of them all
Love


Fell in love through a photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health

Yeah
Damn, I love your sense of humor
You don't get caught up in rumors
You don't be talking 'bout who fuckin' who
And I notice the way you maneuver
Sexy, but never show too much
Ain't heard from you in like, two months
All of a sudden, you pop on my line
You could make time stop on a dime
I think you mastered the art of sublime
Your type is harder to find
You could turn water to wine, yeah
You could turn water to wine, yeah
I think you mastered the art of sublime
Your type is harder to find
You could turn water to wine, yeah
You could turn water to wine, feel me

Niggas be talkin' so slick (ugh)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in the click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
Niggas be talkin' so slick (yeah)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in the click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (mmm)

Fell in love through a photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I 'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health

Yeah
Feel like I gotta say somethin'
Thought of you got my heart jumpin'
But I can't come up with nothin' (no)
But I can't come up with nothin'
I put it off for a day I come back around your way
Searching for what I could say
That accurately could convey
The way that I feel in the word
That's different than what you done heard
So many done hit you wit game
So many been sent to the curb
And I did not come here to play
And I did not come to observe
And I did not come here to play
But I did not come to observe
Feel me

Niggas be talkin' so slick (ugh)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in the click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
Niggas be talkin' so slick (yeah)
I'm not the nigga for lip (yeah)
Puttin' my heart in the click (yeah)
Can't see my heart it don't fit (yeah)
Don't think I'm built for this shit (yeah)
Too busy thinking what if (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (yeah)
I shoot my shot and it brick (mmm)

Fell in love through a photograph
I don't even know your name
Wonder if you'd follow back
I hope to see you one day
I won't show my niggas now
I 'II keep this one for myself
Love today's gone digital
And it's messing with my health


[kiLL edward:]
I know heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
I know heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Yeah

Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know

[J Cole:]
Yeah, I got some niggas that still owe me an apology
I'ma be the bigger man just like I always be
Eventually but right now that's hard for me
I'm dreaming violent, I can't tolerate disloyalty
So I'ma see you when I see you, know that day comin'
I pray that on that day you slip and say something
I never fantasize 'bout murder 'cause I'm still sane
But I can't seem to fight this urge to make you feel pain
I know that vengeance is the Lord's and it's not for me
I know the punishment for you is that you not with me
You place the value on the bitches that you got with me
And now the bitches ask you daily "Why you not with me?"
I had to cut some people off 'cause they was using me
My heart is big I want to give too much and usually
I send the bread and don't hear back for like two months now
You hit my phone, you need a loan, oh I'm a crutch now
I had to learn, I never had shit
You never would split, you was hood rich
I couldn't get a dollar from you I remember that
It was blurry for a while but now it's coming back (coming back)

[kiLL edward:]
Time will tell who is on my side
(Time will tell just who is on my side)
I mean well but I can't stop my pride
(I mean well but I can't stop my pride)

Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know

Keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
Keep on falling down
I know heaven is a mind state, I've been a couple times
Stuck in my ways so I keep on falling down
Keep on falling down, yeah

Time will tell who is on my side
(Time will tell just who is on my side)
I mean well but I can't stop my pride
(I mean well but I can't stop my pride)

Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
Give me drank, give me smoke
Get me high, let me smoke
I'm a clown, coming down
Put me down, jammin' out
Give me drank, give me coke
Bottom line, I can't cope
If I die, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know


Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain
Choose wisely

Will I fall? Will I fly?
Heal my soul
Fulfill my high
Cross my heart (Count, count, count, count it)
And hope to die (Count, count, count, count it)
With my slice (Count, count, count, count it)
Of Devil's pie

Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it

I know that it's difficult
I'm stackin' this paper, it's sort of habitual
I blow the residual
And fuckin' yo bitch like its part of my ritual
Pardon the visual
But money, it give me a hard-on it's typical
I want it in physical
A million dollars, I count up in intervals
Without it I'm miserable
Don't wanna fall off so I'm all in my bag
Thankin' God like it's biblical
I know it's gon' solve every problem I have
I balled on the principal
Remember the teachers was all on my ass
Now look all of them, pitiful
And all of a sudden I'm so good at math

Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die

Uno, dos, tres

Big bills, big bills
I fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
My niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
Don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
I'm only countin'
Big bills, big bills
I fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
My niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
Don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
I'm only countin'...

Uno, dos, tres, cuatro

Proceed with caution
I heard if you chase it only results in
A hole in your heart
Fuck it, I take the whole cake and I won't leave a portion
It's only an organ
Thank God mama couldn't afford the abortion
The loneliest orphan
I flip my misfortune and grow me a fortune
My Rollie is scorchin'
Them niggas that hated is slowly endorsin'
Now Cole, he important
My niggas beside me like Tommy and Martin
We ball on your court and
Then skate with your bitch like we Tonya Harding
She don't need her garments
She horny from all the money we countin'

Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
Can't take it when you die
Uno dos

Will I fall? Will I fly?
Heal my soul
Fulfill my high
Cross my heart
And hope to die
With my slice of Devil’s pie


You really wanna know who Superman is?
Watch this, pow!
I like him
I think he's pretty cool
He's my idol

I can't have no sympathy for fuck niggas
All this shit I've seen done made my blood thicker
Spill promethazine inside a double cup
Double up my cream, now that's a Double Stuff, yeah
Please don't hit my phone if it ain't 'bout no commas
Keep the peace like Dali Lama, big body Hummers
Backin' out the parkin' spot and though the law be on him
He exempt, Shawn Kemp, he keep that .40 on him
Go!

Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), mo-
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), mo-
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money

Too many times I swallowed my pride
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide (Get Money)
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Woah, suddenly, I feel like takin' a PJ
Get money
Fly to D.R. on a weekday, eatin' ceviche
With like half of a mili' inside of my briefcase
A couple of freaks play
And they don't speak Ingles
But the money is somethin' that they could comprende
And I got bread like I'm Green Day
Get money
I come around and their heads turn
Used to like bitches with hair permed
Now I like it "natural, actual, factual"
Naps and shit, bougie, still do ratchet shit
Not afraid to pass the clip
Before I make the ratchet spit, blaow!

Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Get money
Motivate (motivate), mo-
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Get money
Motivate (motivate), mo-
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money

Too many times I swallowed my pride
Get money
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Get money
Get money


She my number one, I don't need nothing on the side
Said that I was done for good and don't want no more lies
But my phone be blowing up, temptations on my line
I stare at the screen a while before I press decline
But she plants a seed and it still lingers in my mind
Told myself I'm strong enough to shake it and I'm trying
But I'm only human, I know loving you's a crime
If I take this cookie now one day I'll do the time

Slip me a xanny at once (somebody)
I got the earth in a blunt (smoke)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
Due to the money aroma (somebody)
My girl she got a diploma (smoke)
She got wife written all over
She got wife written all over

All a nigga know is how to fuck a good thing up
Run from the pain, sip lean, smoke tree up
When I'm in your town press pound hit me up
When I'm in your town press pound hit me up
Only if you down and you slurp good D up
If the work good I'll be back for the re-up
Hate when I creep and the phone wake me up
Fake like I'm sleep knowing damn well I be up
Monkey on my back and I walk a hundred miles
Guilt make a nigga feel fake when he smile
Love get confused in the mind of a child
'Cause love wouldn't lie like I lie and it's wild
Wanna have my cake and another cake too
Even if the baker don't bake like you
Even when the flavor don't taste like you
So I'm back mobbing with the late night crew
All in your mind with fears that would come true
The back of my mind, the back of my mind was you
Wishing that I could blind myself from view
And only have eyes, and only have eyes for you

Slip me a xanny at once (somebody)
I got the earth in a blunt (smoke)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
I get the skirt when I want (skrrt!)
Due to the money aroma (somebody)
My girl she got a diploma (smoke)
She got wife written all over
She got wife written all over

I'm a fake nigga and it's never been clearer
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
I'm a fake nigga and it's never been clearer
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror
Can't see myself when I look in the mirror

She my number one I don't need nothing on the side
Said that I was done for good and don't want no more lies
But my phone be blowing up, temptations on my line
I stare at the screen a while before I press decline
But she plants a seed and it still lingers in my mind
Told myself I'm strong enough to shake it and I'm trying
But I'm only human, I know loving you's a crime
If I take this cookie now one day I'll do the time

I love her, I don't want to lose her
I'm selfish, I know that I use her
My ego get stroked and I bruise her
My ego get stroked and I bruise her
My actions I know they confusin'
At home I look happy as usual
On the road I'm a mack, I'm a chooser
I'm a addict, I'm maskin' that
Kevin's Heart

They tell me "What's done in the dark
Will find a way to shine"
I done did so much that when you see you might go blind
What's done in the dark will always find a way to shine
I done did so much that when you see you might go blind


Lotta shit happens, like, being in show business
A lot of shit happens, like, like, I make a lot of money, you know
And I'm really happy about it
And I'm not bragging, I just wanna say something
I make a so--- fuck, it's ridiculous
But wait, wait a minute, wait a minute
Hey, if my father was alive today, I would go home and say
"Dad, I wanna tell you how much money I made"
You know what he'd say? You's a lying motherfucker
Jerome Lewis didn't make that much money
Come in here, get your ass out the house
Coming here with that bullshit, hah

Niggas hating on me, I ain't used to that
Know a couple people wanna shoot for that
I say "No, no, no, chill, it ain't no need for that"
Them niggas tryna blow and ain't no need for that
And if it work for them, well shit, I'm cool with that
'Cause how they feel, I ain't got shit to do with that
I just sit back on cool and watch my paper stack
And trip off how much bread them crackers take from that

(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

It's been a long time since I have felt this way
About something but now, but now
I'm controlling my mind, the days are warm
The nights are cold, the lost is found, I'm found
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void

Hell yeah boy, I'm a goddamn millionaire now
Hell yeah, nigga, they can't tell me shit now, bro, hell no, fuck that
Bitch, got my first motherfuckin' million dollar check nigga
I'm goddamn lit boy, you crazy as hell
Hold up, it's my phone real quick, it's my Unc'
Uncle Sam and shit
"What's up Unc'? Yup. Hey, I told you that check was coming in, I gotchu when it came in. Goddamn, I'm a man of my word. Goddamn, I told you I'ma have it, and goddamn, I'ma have it for you. Hell, shit, damn right. Now, how much was it though? Uh huh. Huh? Half? Half nigga? You crazy, boy, you crazy. Bitch, you crazy as fuck. Bitch, bitch, you better suck half my dick!"

Yeah, I pay taxes, so much taxes, shit don't make sense
Where do my dollars go? You see lately, I ain't been convinced
I guess they say my dollars supposed to build roads and schools
But my niggas barely graduate, they ain't got the tools
Maybe 'cause the tax dollars that I make sure I send
Get spent hirin' some teachers that don't look like them
And the curriculum be tricking them, them dollars I spend
Got us learning about the heroes with the whitest of skin
One thing about the men that's controlling the pen
That write history, they always seem to white-out they sins
Maybe we'll never see a black man in the White House again
I'll write a check to the IRS, my pockets get slim
Damn, do I even have a say 'bout where it's goin'?
Some older nigga told me to start votin'
I said "Democracy is too fuckin' slow"
If I'm givin' y'all this hard-earned bread, I wanna know
Better yet, let me decide, bitch, it's 2018
Let me pick the things I'm funding from an app on my screen
Better that than letting wack congressman I've never seen
Dictate where my money go, straight into the palms of some
Money-hungry company that make guns that circulate the country
And then wind up in my hood, making bloody clothes
Stray bullet hit a young boy with a snotty nose
From the concrete, he was prolly rose
Now his body froze and nobody knows what to tell his mother
He did good at the white man schools unlike his brother
Who was lost in the streets all day, not using rubbers
So right now, he got two on the way
Still sleep on covers in his mama house
She can't take this shit no more, she want him out
On the morning of the funeral, just as she's walking out
Wiping tears away, grabbing her keys and sunglasses
She remember that she gotta file her taxes, damn

(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)


Right, right, right, right
Something's got a hold on me
Right, right, right, right
Sometimes I think pain is just a lack of understanding
If we could only understand it all, would we feel no pain?
God must feel no pain
Something's got a hold on me
Only joy
Does this mean even our suffering pleases him?

Lost in a cloud of marijuana
Young Carolina nigga, fish out of water
Step-daddy just had a daughter with another woman
Mama ain't recover yet
Callin' me at 12 at night
She drunk as fuck and I'm upset
'Cause why she always using me for crutch?
Growin' up I used to always see her up
Late as shit, cigarette smoke and greatest hits from Marvin Gaye
She kill a whole bottle of some cheap chardonnay
I gotta leave this house 'cause part of me dies when I see her like this
Too young to deal with pain
I'd rather run the streets than see her kill herself
So 'Ville became my escape from a feelin' I hate
Mama cursing me out
Depression's such a villainous state
I used to stay out later on purpose
Subconsciously I was nervous that if I came home early then what would surface was her inner demons
And then I'd have to end up seein' my hero on ground zero
Tears flow while Al Green blow
Love and happiness
I wish that I could say the right words to cheer her up
I wish her son's love was enough
I tell her, "Mama, go to sleep"
She tell me "Boy, hush. You better pray to God you never get your heart crushed"
I shake my head in frustration
Head to my room and I can still hear the tunes of my door shut
Fuck it though, a couple more months I'll be gone
Off to college and dorms
Foolin' myself, thinkin' problems are gone
But now it's 1 AM and my mama diallin' my phone
I know she intoxicated and soon this high that I'm on comes crashin' down
She lit, talkin' drunk shit, I'm pissed
But I'm still all ears like Basset hounds
Thinkin' to myself, "Maybe my mama need help
Don't she got work it the morning?
Why she do this to herself?
Hate how she slurrin' her words
Soundin' so fuckin' absurd
This ain't the woman I know
Why I just sit and observe?
Why don't I say how I feel?
When I do, she's defensive for real
Well maybe things get better with time, I heard it heals"
Little did I know how deep her sadness would go
Lookin' back, I wish I woulda did more instead of running

Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Out of fear I won't be free
Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Out of fear I won't be—
No!
Something's got a hold on me
I can't let it go
Right
Life can bring much pain
There are many ways to deal with this pain (right)
Choose wisely (right)


[J. Cole:]
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today

[kiLL edward:]
I got thoughts, can't control
Got me down, got me low
Rest my mind, rest my soul
When I blow, when I blow
Am I wrong, let them know
Feels so right to let things go
Don't think twice, this is me
This is how I should be

[J. Cole:]
But I'm aggravated without it
My saddest days are without it
My Saturdays are the loudest
I'm blowing strong
Some niggas graduated with powder
I dabble later, I doubt it
My database of narcotics
It's growing long
But I'm aggravated without it
My saddest days are without it
My Saturdays are the loudest
I'm blowing strong
Some niggas graduated with powder
I dabble later, I doubt it
My database of narcotics
It's growing long

I wrote this shit to talk about the word addiction
To my niggas - I hope you listening
... and ..., I hope you listening
This is for the whole fucking Ville, I hope you're listening
Smoking medical grade, but I ain't got prescription
All the way in Cali where they ain't got precipi-
-tation, feeling like the only one that made it
And I hate it for my niggas 'cause they ain't got ambition
Fuck did you expect, you can blame it on condition
Blame it on crack, you can blame it on the system
Blame it on the fact that 12 got jurisdiction
To ride around in neighborhoods that they ain't ever lived in
Blame it on the strain that you feel when daddy missing
Blame it on Trump shit, blame it on Clinton
Blame it on trap music and the politicians
Or the fact that every black boy wanna be Pippen
But they only got twelve slots on the Pistons
Blame it on the rain, Milli Vanilli with the disk skip
What I'm tryna say is the blame can go deep as seas
Just to blame 'em all I would need like twenty CD's
There's all sorts of trauma from drama that children see
Type of shit that normally would call for therapy
But you know just how it go in our community
Keep that shit inside it don't matter how hard it be
Fast forward, them kids is grown and they blowing trees
And popping pills due to chronic anxiety
I been saw the problem but stay silent 'cause I ain't Jesus
This ain't no trial if you desire go higher please
But fuck that now I'm older I love you 'cause you my friend
Without the drugs I want you be comfortable in your skin
I know you so I know you still keep a lot of shit in
You running from yourself and you buying product again
I know you say it helps and no I'm not trying to offend
But I know depression and drug addiction don't blend
Reality distorts and then you get lost in the wind
And I done seen the combo take niggas off the deep end
One thing about your demons they bound to catch up one day
I'd rather see you stand up and face them than run away
I understand this message is not the coolest to say
But if you down to try it I know of a better way
Meditate

[kiLL edward:]
I got thoughts, can't control
Got me down, got me low
Rest my mind, rest my soul
When I blow, when I blow
Am I wrong, let them know
Feels so right to let things go
Don't think twice, this is me
This is how I should be

[J. Cole:]
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today
Cop another bag of smoke today


One night when I, when me, my mom
We was about to go to bed
All the doors was locked
Then when I had fell asleep
My mom had-had heard three, um
Gunshots, it was to my cousin, um
His name was Rond, the one that kept hittin' me up
He been shot right through the face
Right in the neck
And he got shot right in the stomach

I put my hand to the sky, I sing
Grateful for the blessings you bring
Thank you for the ones I love
Forgive me for the times I was down and confused
I know what I reap is what I will sow
Once again I find myself back with you from my hell
All I ever wanted was to hear them bitches holler back
Get some money plus respect and now look, I got all of that
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
All I wanna do is touch a platinum plaque and celebrate
All I wanna do is keep my niggas out the yellow tape
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry

Right now I'm starin' out the window of my Range and contemplating, am I sane?
Have I sacraficed for fame?
My occuptation's on my brain
Thought that I could change it all if I had changed
But the niggas that I came up with way back is still the same
I be tryna give 'em game like Santa did when Christmas came
They be listenin' but it's clear to me they did not hear a thing
It go in one ear and out the other like a bullet out the muzzle of a pistol shot by brothers standin' point-blank range
Niggas bang in the Ville, I always thought that shit was strange
How you claim blood or cuz when that was just a LA thing?
I don't mean no disrespect towards your set, no, I'm just sayin'
That it seem like for acceptance niggas will do anything
Niggas will rep any gang, niggas will bust any head
Niggas will risk everything, point him out and then he dead
Shootin' up where his granny live, blow, blow, his granny duck
He don't give a fuck, he's on Henny and Xanny duff
Blowin' Tammy up, bitch, when you gonna give them panties up?
He gon' plant a seed, but best believe he ain't man enough
Just because yo' dick can spray semen, it don't mean that you ready to let go of yo' childish ways
The results are deadly
Because that child will suffer and that's what can most affect me
The little girl I met this past summer said, "Don't forget me"
I won't forget you, how could I with all you went through?
A bullet hit yo' cousin in Temple while he was with you
And while you was talkin', I was tearin' up, where's the tissue?
If you was my sister then I would kiss you and tell you that I'm sorry for the pain you had to live through
I know I'm blessed because yo' stress is realer than anything I done been through

I put my hand to the sky, I sing
Grateful for the blessings you bring
Thank you for the ones I love
Forgive me for the times I was down and confused
I know what I reap is what I will sow
Once again I find myself back with you from my hell
All I ever wanted was to hear them bitches holler back
Get some money plus respect and now look, I got all of that
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry
All I wanna do is touch a platinum plaque and celebrate
All I wanna do is keep my niggas out the yellow tape
All I wanna do is see my granny on the other side
All I wanna do is kill the man that made my momma cry

It's not that big
Well at least, um
God had saved him 'cause he still alive
So why do y'all think that bad stuff happen? Like why can't the world just be all nice things?
Because God is tryna, um
Warn-warn us or teach us a lesson that we need to learn
Or he's tryna warn us of He's comin' back to, um, see us and take us home and redo the world
He's comin' back to, um, have us be His children and for us to see Him for the first time so we can rejoice with Him and have our time
And after we do that, he's gonna restart the world
K.O.D
Choose wisely!


1985, I arrived
33 years, damn, I'm grateful I survived
We wasn't s'posed to get past 25
Jokes on you motherfucker, we alive
All these niggas popping now is young
Everybody say the music they make is dumb
I remember I was 18
Money, pussy, parties, I was on the same thing
You gotta give a boy a chance to grow some
Everybody talkin' like they know somethin' these days
Niggas actin' woke, but they broke, umm
I respect the struggle but you all frontin' these days
Man, they barely old enough to drive
To tell them what they should do, who the fuck am I?
I heard one of em' dissed me, I'm suprised
I ain't trippin', listen good to my reply
Come here lil' man, let me talk with ya'
See if I can paint for you the larger picture
Congrats 'cause you made it out your mama's house
I hope you make enough to buy your mom a house
I see your watch icy and your whip foreign
I got some good advice, never quit tourin'
'Cause that's the way we eat here in this rap game
I'm fuckin' with your funky lil' rap name
I hear your music and I know that rap's changed
A bunch of folks would say that that's a bad thing
'Cause everything's commercial and it's pop now
Trap drums is the shit that's hot now
See, I've been on a quest for the next wave
But never mind, that was just a segue
I must say, by your songs I'm unimpressed, hey
But I love to see a Black man get paid
And plus, you havin' fun and I respect that
But have you ever thought about your impact?
These white kids love that you don't give a fuck
'Cause that's exactly what's expected when your skin's Black
They wanna see you dab, they wanna see you pop a pill
They wanna see you tatted from your face to your heels
And somewhere deep down, fuck it, I gotta keep it real
They wanna be Black and think your song is how it feels
So when you turn up, you see them turnin' up too
You hit the next city, collect your money when it's due
You gettin' that paper, swimmin' in bitches, I don't blame you
You ain't thinkin' 'bout the people that's lookin' like me and you
True, you got better shit to do
You coulda bought a crib with all that bread you done blew
I know you think this type of revenue is never endin'
But I wanna take a minute just to tell you that ain't true
One day, them kids that's listening gon' grow up
And get too old for that shit that made you blow up
Now your shows lookin' light cause they don't show up
Which unfortunately means the money slow up
Now you scramblin' and hopin' to get hot again
But you forgot you only popped 'cause you was ridin' trends
Now you old news and you goin' through regrets
'Cause you never bought that house, but you got a Benz
And a bunch of jewels and a bunch of shoes
And a bunch of fake friends, I ain't judgin' you
I'm just tellin' you what's probably gon' happen when you rappin'
'Bout the type of shit you rappin' 'bout
It's a faster route to the bottom
I wish you good luck
I'm hoping for your sake that you ain't dumb as you look
But if it's really true what people sayin'
And you call yourself playin' with my name
Then I really know you fucked, trust
I'll be around forever 'cause my skills is tip-top
To any amateur niggas that wanna get rocked
Just remember what I told you when your shit flop
In five years you gon' be on Love & Hip-Hop, nigga


[J. Cole:]
If you miss me
And you can't find
I done seen it all, my God
Yeah
I done seen it all, my God, I swear
Uh, uh

Nothing new under the sun, nobody fucking with son
I got a couple of sons, a couple of guns
A couple of niggas that bust up the party and fuck up the fun
She digging me and I'm cuffing her friend
She ig'-ing you while we fucking for fun
I got her suckin' her thumb, that's my lil' baby
She call me daddy like grandmama baby
If this Sunday dinner, my hand on her gravy
I been on the craziest wave, if I'm on the stage
An M is my minimum wage
This ain't no kennel, behave
Niggas is with all that barking, we send 'em a stray
So in a way we the dogcatchers
How many bullets your dawg catchin'?
Sawed-off, raw dog fashion
Hauled off, hope God catch him, damn

I woke up for some money, ayy, lil' bitch
Too many opps in here, tell me who you with, ayy

[Lute:]
Potato over my gun
I move in silence 'cause niggas be clocking my funds
When they should keep eye on they bitch 'cause baby girl coming with son
Niggas be judging my moves, but please tell me, what have you done?
My cousin might air out the party for fun
Pistol grips get to squeezing
Wish a nigga would like Liam Neeson
I don't even need a reason, loyalty over treason
Bitch nigga, come and see me
Put some respect on my name
What side of my city I claim
I try to stay in my lane
Took my advance and put a cold piece on them thangs
I'm Beatties Ford 'til the wheels fall
Know some niggas probably pissed off
Who would thought I made it this far?
Gold Mouf, bitch, fuck 'em all

I woke up for some money, ayy, lil' bitch
Too many opps in here, tell me who you with

[DaBaby:]
I just put diamonds on all of my teeth, now they probably think I ain't intelligent
In the homicide unit interrogation, asking questions, you know I ain't tell 'em shit
Bitches call me a jock, all-American
I'm at the top of my class with my letterman
I remember back in college, bitches knocking on my dorm door
I ain't never let 'em in
Now you know that that's cap, know I hit a few
Ain't no job, I'm selling gas like I'm Jiffy Lube
I had a freak, used to fuck while her boyfriend in class
I hit her from the back from like 10 to 2
No back and forth with these rappers
They mention me, dissin' me
No talkin' back, I won't mention you
Watch, when I come put that iron on your ass and I dip
They gon' want me to snitch in my interviews
I'm on fire, bitch, I'm lit, but I'm really cool
Don't acknowledge the shrimps when they ridicule
They don't come out after dark, bitch, I swim with the sharks
You ain't got enough heart, get a bigger pool
Wanna fight but he bigger, I ain't really trippin'
I reach under my shirt, grab a bigger tool
I got a Glock with a dick, let's get physical
They gon' be hollerin' out, "Rip," and they missin' you
They got me started, I might as well finish (Talk your shit, nigga)
I'm from Charlotte, you know how these niggas do
Baby

I woke up for some money, ayy, lil' bitch
Too many opps in here, tell me who you with


[Zoink Gang:]
Oh wow
You want the next part, kablaow
Yeah, kablaow, yeah
Hold up, oh wow, shit
That's the part
Shit, I'm proud
The track
Got a whole lot of cash
Kablaow
I put a hole in your

Oh wow (Oh wow, oh wow)
She got a big old ass, I'm proud (But)
I got a whole lot of cash, kablaow
I put a hole in your ass (And then), I'm out
Like a motherfuckin' lamp

[J. Cole:]
Smoke in my nappy dreads, how you scared to die, nigga?
Don't believe that lie, I think that everybody happy dead
Hell is a fabricated figment of imagination
I done seen worse for real right there off 'Yac and behind gas station
Cambridge Homes, 'partments where the girls get damaged young
From overexposure to the vultures
And prey on them like pastors is supposed to
If they wasn't so concerned about the tags that's on they clothes, but
Guess that's how it goes, fuck it, what do I know?
Ain't been in service since Jim Jones had somethin' with Hov
I document my life with rap beefs, love songs, favorite albums
In years that my niggas got blood on they sneakers from bodies they might've caught
I don't judge no one, I'm just knowin'
At night, when it get quiet, that shit could fuck with 'em
And if it don't right now, it's gon' catch up to 'em
Guilt heavy as a cloud in a thunderstorm, huh
My niggas blowing loud like an elephant
It's helpin' 'em to cope, I don't do nothin' if it don't
Make somethin', make a dollar
Make me wonder, make me prouder
Make me karma, make me better
I ain't no killer, don't make me have to, nigga
You want my spot, well maybe after, nigga
So active on the radio, I'm radioactive, nigga
That's a bar, I had to give it to 'em
Never slouching, not even on couches in the living room
And I feel like the world is ending soon
Is there any good or bad? Well that's depending on you
And if you wake up in time
I know it's better to be sleep, that's why we hate the alarm
I feel you

[Zoink Gang:]
Oh wow (Oh wow, oh wow)
She got a big old ass (She got a big old butt), I'm proud (What?)
I got a whole lot of cash (Racks, racks), kablaow
I put a hole in your ass (And then), I'm out
Like a motherfuckin' lamp

[KEY!:]
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Oh yeah
Bizness Boi
Yeah, uh
Oh yeah

If I keep moving like this, then I'm a god
Happy on the outside, jealous on the inside
And I know it inside, inside out, ayy
What this shit here mean? It's the Japanese, huh
If I keep moving like this, then I'm a god
Happy on the outside, jealous on the inside
And I know it inside, inside out, ayy
What this shit here mean? It's the Japanese, huh

[Maxo Kream:]
The way I'm robbin', niggas say I'm gonna die
I bought a baby Draco carbon, that's a motherfuckin' lie
Stephen Curry on my hip, Klay Thompson, let it fly
Southwest Murder Block Crips, we don't die, we multiply (Crip)
Maxo talk a lot of shit but is he really 'bout that life? (Say what?)
Is a pig's pussy pork and can a caterpillar fly? (That's right)
Go Go Gadget, toting ratchets, beam attachment on the side
I keep a savage that'll blast it, my crash dummies down to ride
These niggas janky than a bitch, I do my shit up on my lonely
So I can't trust you on a lick if you not Nina, Mac, or Tommy
Traphouse serving like hibachi, Draco, chopstick, baby AK
Different flavors like Tekashi, twelve gauge shotty like I'm Tr3yway
Maxo Kobe, holy moly, servin' smokey like I'm Dae Dae
Runnin' out of dog food like I fed Chico
Put a brick on your head and get you dropped like Deebo
I'm slangin' bricks like Craig, I'm tryna drop these bows

[KEY!:]
If I keep moving like this, then I'm a god
Happy on the outside, jealous on the inside
And I know it inside, inside out, ayy
What this shit here mean? It's the Japanese, huh
If I keep moving like this, then I'm a god
Happy on the outside, jealous on the inside
And I know it inside, inside out, ayy
What this shit here mean? It's the Japanese, huh

[JID:]
Look
Alright, I fucked up my whip 'cause I'm high and I swerve
Sorry that I scared you, I didn't do that on purpose
My life been fucked up so I got problems with my nerves
My hands get sweaty


[Guapdad 4000:]
Yeah
Ayy
Big for now
It's a check
I got the chopper, yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy

I got the chopper, it sing like opera, I make it swoon the bitch
They know my name, when I'm swerving lanes they still ask who that is
She on the molly at the house party, hope she don't play the kid
Can't hit my phone, I'm on airplane mode, I'm still on two percent
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, no
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, bitch (It's a check)

[Bas:]
I ain't opposed
She threw the pussy and I ain't opposed
Fighting the lows
Smoking this shit 'til my eyelids are closed
I wear the sheepskin but I am the wolf
I am the poster-child
Finessing the lion that's posing in clothing and lying
To open it, hope that these niggas'll try him
I smoke 'em, I smoke 'em, I

[Yung Baby Tate:]
I fry 'em, I sizzle 'em
They bitin', they nibblin'
They lyin', they fibbin' it
They childish, they children
They quiet, they whispering
They dying, I'm killin' 'em
They dry, I'm drippin' in
They crying, I'm teachin', man

[Guapdad 4000:]
Ayy, I got the chopper, it sing like opera, I make it swoon the bitch
They know my name, when I'm swerving lanes they still ask who that is
She on the molly at the house party, hope she don't play the kid
Can't hit my phone, I'm on airplane mode, I'm still on two percent
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, no
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, bitch

[Buddy:]
Man, let me call you back
I'm doin' somethin' important
Tryna get these racks
New day, new flight that I'm boarding
All of my bitches important
I seen you call, I ignored it
I got ten toes on the pavement
But my mind is in orbit, gorgeous

[Cozz:]
I say a prayer to bless mine
This ain't a quiz, don't test mine
I ain't been Wiz, but I get high
You ain't a man 'til you get by, yeah
I ain't trippin' off of nothin', you know I'ma get it, yeah
I ain't trippin' off of nothin', you know that I'm winnin'

[Guapdad 4000:]
Ayy, I got the chopper, it sing like opera, I make it swoon the bitch
They know my name, when I'm swerving lanes they still ask who that is
She on the molly at the house party, hope she don't play the kid
Can't hit my phone, I'm on airplane mode, I'm still on two percent
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, no
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, yeah
Don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, don't hit me right now, bitch
(It's a check)


[Buddy & JID:]
Excuse me, sir (Yes)
Your Grace
Is that my flamethrower beside you? (Why it is)
Please, sir, pass it this way
Can you hand me that pistol over there?
Please don't get in my way
My Lord, my Lord (Yes)
Please hand me the bazooka (Why, thank you)
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
No blood on the couch, please
Please, no blood on the couch (Yes)
Sir, you got blood on the couch
Can you hand me that machine gun?
Sir, damn you, yeah

Get my gun, we 'bout to rob a Wells Fargo
Got some broads, we need to get a whole carload
With my dawgs, we pull up looking like a car show
Smoke a blunt and then she get up off my narcos

[Buddy:]
Father God in heaven above
I come to you as humbly as I know how
Off hella the drugs and I'm out of my mind
In the meantime, I'ma just smoke this loud
Put this shit on my tongue and this shit'll dissolve
Get a shot of Hennessy just to wash it down
All my white friends call me talkin' proper now
I got the BET's just so I'm hoppin' out (Yeah)

[JID:]
He without sin cast the first stone
Told my nigga with the gun he can run in your home
One dome shot, niggas'll never look at him wrong again
Oh my God, oh my God, on this lick
In the car twisted, come here, lil' bitch
Suck on my dick, some of the fun under your sister
Come, come, give me some, tongue, tongue, get it done
Young fun, yum, yum, yum, I'm twisted

Get my gun, we 'bout to rob a Wells Fargo
(Whatever I said, I don't know what I said, I don't give a fuck, ah)
Guns and broads, we need to get a whole carload
(You gettin' this? You recording this?)
With my dawgs, we pull up looking like a car show
(Are you getting this?)
Smoke a blunt and then she get up off my narcos

[Johnny Venus:]
Yo, vulture just fall in the money
It's calling, I'm callin' forever and ever to you
Taking the boxes of chocolate
I'll send 'em out, ship 'em out, get 'em delivered to you
Baby, whatever, just come on, just hop in and get in the car and we go and get boof
Stragglers is off and they fallin', whatever, just tell 'em to tell 'em better not make a move

[Guapdad 4000:]
Hey, skrrt skrrt in a new thing
Throw the cash and she gettin' Raekwon like the Wu-Tang
I think I deserve me a Mulsanne
Me, you, and two or three hoes should do the group thing
Just don't fuck up the sheets, the airbnb, and fuck off the lease
Bitch, mind your bees, I need peace of mind
I beat meat, delete, then be leavin' fine, let's go

Get my gun, we 'bout to rob a Wells Fargo
Got some broads, we need to get a whole carload
With my dawgs, we pull up looking like a car show
Smoke a blunt and then she get up off my narcos

Nigga, it's just how you count it
It just depend on how you count it


Ayy
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Yeah
Hey, hey
Uh

[Lute:]
I met this girl the other day that wanna know my story
She said since the world against me, she all for me
I told her God must've overheard my hopeful wish
And crazy how I never would've thought to be in this position
'Cause see hip-hop saved my life is such a cliché quote
But before I grabbed the mic, I was the poster-child of broke, uh
Signed my first deal off the realest shit I wrote
I told my city I'm the closest thing to hope
Used to be barely above water, now I float
Same bitches in my DM's used to take me for a joke
Niggas talk crow, shit behind my back and then call me bro
Like bro, you gotta match one before you blow
I always leave the message on seen 'cause I don't smoke
When really I don't fuck with half these niggas on the low
And that's just how it go
She go, "Damn, nigga, that's deep," I know, tell me about it
My life be full of stress, fake niggas, and sleep deprivin' like uh

[Mez:]
Dreams, all my shit been colossal though
Used to be honor roll, now it's foreign whips I'm riding on
Now everything I flow hot as fuck, I mean poblano though
Me and Lute 'posed to been did this shit, it's perfect timing though
Remember us being younger, talking about gettin' signed to Cole?
I was so hot-headed then, I'm a lot calmer though
Tryna buy me a brick house when I get comma though
Money gon' help with a lot of things but not the trauma though
Had so many adventure times, we used to run from the jakes
To make it for Southside, we do whatever it takes
It was apartheid when my barber parted my fade
'Cause now I'm pulled left and right by Keshia and Adrinae
All this shit gets so deep, man, I'm hoping y'all dive in
I don't fuck with surviving, I'm only thinkin' 'bout thriving
But you way too afraid, yeah, I know what your vibe is
Always worried 'bout me, that shit must be sleep depriving

That shit must be sleep depriving

[DaVionne:]
I ain't never had nothin', yeah, I had to work for it
Prayed to God every day, even went to church for it
Built from the ground up, played in the dirt for it
God told me it would work out, I took his word for it
We all come from a very different path
Look at what we been through, look at where we at
Got 'em losing sleep worried 'bout what we on
Said I wouldn't make it but I always prove wrong, yeah

Yeah

[Omen:]
Turn into a big deal, but way realer than Black Friday
They let a visionary vibrate
Hoppin' through the Tri-State
I got this bird box simply off a blind date
Now I'm in a tryin' state
Turn into a horror story
Broke my heart to the point I had to find tape
Bringing Lysol, sage, just to wipe her away like eternal sunshine
Pulled up in a drop spot like some summer times
Seen you with some other guy, long story, summarize
Writing on the wall, got your message under mine
I been gettin' high, summer crime, ever since
Wonder why ill intent was inside of your skin, damn
Dookey braids, droopy eyes, it was groupie love
Hurt feelings, no cap like bougie clubs
Sat alone deep in silence
Thinkin' 'bout you gettin' sleep deprivin', yeah

[DaVionne:]
I ain't never had nothin', yeah, I had to work for it
Prayed to God every day, even went to church for it
Built from the ground up, played in the dirt for it
God told me it would work out, I took his word for it
We all come from a very different path
Look at what we been through, look at where we at
Got 'em losing sleep worried 'bout what we on
Said I wouldn't make it but I always prove wrong, yeah


[Ari Lennox:]
I said
Tired of being cordial
Tired of being normal
Tired of being forced in
Tied up in the moment
I'm leaving with outer purpose
Wearing it on the surface, love
Making it look good
Meanwhile it's been hurting, oh

Self love is the best love
See your love is the worst drug
Self love is the best love
But your love is the worst drug

[Ari Lennox & Baby Rose:]
Ah, ah-ah-ah (Ah)
Hey, hee
Ah, ah-ah-ah (Oh)

[Baby Rose:]
Tired of all this faking
Wearing all of this makeup
And meanwhile feeling complacent
Fitting in, feeling basic and
Meanwhile tryna replace him
But all these feelings are makeshift
Hard for me to face it
When everything is changing, ayy

Self love is the best love
But your love was the worst drug
Self love is the best love
But your love is the worst drug

Ah, ah-ah-ah, ah
Ah, ah-ah-ah (Oh)

[Bas:]
Take it in vain, this pain is a feeling that we can't ignore
Dealer man, hand me more
A baby in a candy store
I got secrets that just can't leave tour
How did we go from lost in your arms to arms in a conflict?
Long arm my conscience
Lost in my thoughts
The cost of my art, we growing apart
You growing irate
Stuck in the door of my state
I carry my Gemini traits
I bury my face
Shameful hands, took your hand
Led you astray, as you would say
As soon as we clash, you adjudicate
As for the date, it was like last June or May
We were like "let's do the break", 'cause

[Baby Rose:]
Self love is the best love
But your love was the worst drug
Self love is the best love
But your love is the worst drug

Ah, ah, ah-ah-ah
Ah, ah-ah-ah (Oh)


[JID:]
I always wanted to do one of these type shits

Uh, I had a yellow girl, called her, "Dandelion"
She be panty-less, so no panty lines
She's from Campbellton, north of county line
Steady hands, never let her count the bands, though
She fucked me, tryna pluck a couples bucks like a banjo
Had a girl that was a artist, she could draw, her name Tracy
She always outta line, making Mona Lisa faces
And we argue all the time, but we fuck like we crazy
She said her favorite thing is face painting
I used to have this white shorty, always hanging with the black folk
She used to bump Black Thought, I saw her using black soap
That's a wack thought, ain't wanna kick her to the curb
Until she asked me, can she say the N word?
Hey, can I say "nigga" around you?
Some nerve
I knew a girl from Jersey who use to love Donny Hathaway
And she was from Piscataway
Her brother pulled a gun on me, she told him "Put the gat away"
I was tapping that ass, I'll never forget the Saturday
But it don't even matter like D'Angelo and Laur' Hill
I had a country girl from Alabama down in Mobile
At that time, she had mo' bills than me
And she, her, had no time to chill with me
I still miss her, I wonder where could she be?
Hand me the Fronto leaf
Hey, damn bro, I don't think we got no more
Alght, let's go to the store
Aight nigga, shit, but we driving yo' shit
You driving?

[T.I.:]
Young nigga, you don't know nothing 'bout no bitches
Listen

Now as we smoke and ride and reminisce
I'm thinking back to a time when I was younger, done with single nigga privileges
I had a chick, her name was Loraine, did anything for me
On the day she get her hair done, walk in the rain for me
Pick Sharika up and stole the car, she wasn't ashamed of me
Trapping hard, slept on the floor, and never complained to me
My baby went into stores and did her thang for me
Even ran from police and got it back on the train for me
Lame to me, half of these bitches, laugh at these bitches
'Til the point you go on IG and you can rap for these bitches
Not to say I wouldn't tackle these bitches, given the chance
If it happened, it was destiny, shit was out of my hands
I'm saying...

Man...
They say karma is constant
That means it's just... it's a consistent cycle of...
Good and bad
Coming and going from every source of... life...
Existing on Earth, so...
If I fucked a bitch real good back in the day
You know what I'm saying?
I'm talking like real good and like made her feel, you know
Like the woman that it made her into the woman that she is right now
Then I'd expect somebody should be coming to fuck me real good any day now
I mean it's karma, right?
Shit


[Buddy:]
Ayy
These motherfuckers, man, yo
(Elite, Elite, Elite)
Check it
Yo, check it out, ayy

Since 1993 I've been smoking weed, ask about me
Niggas know not to, oh, wait, niggas know not to, oh, fuck, ayy

[Smino:]
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up

Uh, I'm drunk at a party, ain't put down my cup
The fuck is my water? I pick this shit up
Then drank all the water and threw this shit up
It's ash in my cup, I'm mad as a muh', huh
I push pack like USPS, you is a bitch

[Buddy:]
Ayy, yo, yo, shut the fuck, ayy
Don't even rap, nigga, you
Ayy, hold on
Hold the fuck up, nigga

[Cozz:]
Tell me why you wanna come get high tonight
I only got one reason, I'm top dog tonight
I let the broads borrow my room and I got caught tonight
Drunken partying, slobbering, 'nother sloppy night
Always fight with my mama, but look, on my leave night
I'll call her, when I'm a baller, I promise that I'ma score you
Until then, I'ma ignore you, it's nothing personal (Sorry)
I'm just tryna fuck a couple girls and go
Can't do that while I'm on the phone
I'm not a mother's boy, I'm a motherfucker

[Buddy:]
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, hold on, hold on, nigga
Can I smoke? Can I smoke? Can I smoke, nigga?
(Oh-oh-oh-oh)

[Smino:]
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up

[Doctur Dot:]
Yeah
Sittin' sideways, side steppin' side bitches
Side eyes, light skin, need stitches, mind your business
You're slurring, my baby, you're surfing, no turfing
My girl drippin', dirty whispers in my ear
I don't mumble
ABC your way up out the convo
Lookin' for sluts, oh?
Oh, I know a couple

[Buddy:]
Bro, bro, bro, bro
Ayy, bro, bro, bro, bro
Ayy, nigga, come on, like
Nigga, stop rapping, start passing
(Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Like can I? My nigga

[Smino:]
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up (Bro, bro)
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up and pour me a drink up, let's get fucked up
Roll up

[JID:]
Look, okay the weed so strong it got me stressed
The stress so strong it got me weak
I'm so on, it threw me off (Yeah)
I'm throwed off, yes indeed
I threw up after my threesome
On my threads, had to leave the crime scene like criminals do
She wanna come to my crib and give me a genital smooch
Typical, typical, get the piccolo, skididdle, skedaddle
I sling peen like Colossal
That mean king save the queen from the castle
I grab the saddle
Prisoner to prescription, it's changed, jackal, Jack Daniels
Shawty tryna tell me

[Buddy:]
Motherfucker, ayy, didn't I say? Nigga, ayy
We can't rap, nigga, we smoking weed
Stop rappin', nigga, this is not a rap session
We gettin' high

[J. Cole:]
If I smoke a blunt right now
I'ma be on 285 with my pants pulled down
Around my ankles
Still no stranger to the blunt smoke, gun smoke
You niggas don't want smoke
No guts like that Swisher we just smoked
We cutthroat, niggas...

[Buddy:]
Hold, hold on, hold on
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Hold on, wait, wait, wait, wait, ayy, wait
Shh, shh, shh
Wait, wait, wait, okay
Watson, Watson, stop
'Cause this nigga J. Cole, he done grew some dreads
He think he smoke now
Pass the blunt, nigga, stop rappin'
That's the end of the song, nigga
This the end of the session, we goin' home
I just called my Lyft
I just wanna call the, I mean hit the blunt, I mean
Let me try one more time


[JID:]
You don't give a damn, then we don't give a fuck
On God, I been waitin' for one of y'all pussy niggas to buck
Still starving, ribs touching
Touch the team and you get touched like homescreen buttons
Hoes scream loud, Jennifer Hudson when them thangs start bustin'
Alright

Shit talk and slick talk
Pissed off, stick talk
Diss track, get mad
Rap niggas big trash
Your squad, my squad
Mismatched, pissants
Cheese chase, gym rats
Picture paint, Rembrandts
Tree trunk, thin branch
I leave, come back
This fall, diss all y'all niggas I came up with
My, what a bit of a change up
These niggas lame, we in minimal danger
I got the banger, just give me the next
My nigga put me in the game and I'm ready to flame, I'm anxious
Put the motherfuckin' bank on it

[J. Cole:]
Big nuts hangin', big bucks bringin', fuck 'em all
No slut shamin', money in the Cayman, I'm appalled
Niggas swear they bangin', feds got 'em singin on the squad
Crack rock slangin' on blacktop pavement, tryna ball
Line 'em up on the wall, three deep, final call
Knee-deep, squeeze three, beep beep, Tylenol
Pulled up, one deep, no squad, just me
Just God, no prob', real niggas tend to fuck wit' me
No jewelry, no stunt for me
Just a Bentley truck, and an empty cup of whatever that is
You too concerned 'bout how clever that is
Me, I'm concerned how much bread that it is
Or letters that it is
I been got my mama, I'll get off of this
I'm fucking the game, you niggas is lame
You won't even get a little head out of this
Bet I'ma miss, you niggas is dense, my hits goin' over the fence
How is you niggas so rich? I'm not so convinced, my wrist costin' more than your whip
And I don't wear that no more, that shit there look tacky
Yeah, I'm the G.O.A.T., no nigga, don't at me
Put on your coat, the world gon' get colder
This is my year, don't say I ain't told you, nigga

[JID:]
You don't give a damn, then we don't give a fuck
On God, I been waitin' for one of y'all pussy niggas to buck
Still starving, ribs touching
Touch the team and you get touched like homescreen buttons
Hoes scream loud, Jennifer Hudson when them thangs start bustin'

[Vince Staples:]
Ayy, ayy, nigga, ayy, ayy
Ayy, yo, uh-uh
Ayy, yo
Ayy, ain't this that, um...
Ayy, ain't this the Dreamville shit? This the, um...

I had a dream, I had a Glock, I had a beam, run it back
I had a dream, she in Celine, I'm in Supreme, run it back
Y'all had the dream, I had the guap, I hit the green, run it back
Ready to go, ready to score, ready for war, run it back
I'm finna bring the summer back
I'm finna bring the Hummer back
Snuck my gun in the function
I bust, he not coming back
Dummy racks, hundred stacks
Police killed 'bout a hundred blacks
Don't get killed tryna run a lap
Nigga don't get killed tryna run a...


[J. Cole:]
Pyrex whipper
Niggas want smoke, mmh
Niggas want smoke, I want it too, mmh
Niggas want, mmh, niggas want, mmh
CHASETHEMONEY, CHASETHEMONEY

Mmh, niggas want smoke, I want it too
Roses are red, my diamonds are blue
Pockets is green, a permanent hue
My niggas get work like assignments is due
Just made a mil', I counted it once
I think I go spread it around in the slums
265, that's where I'm from
Help me get used to the sound of the drum
Rolls Royce riding down Sunset
I must get a crib in LA
Fuck a nigga finna tell me?
Catch him slipping, send him to Raleigh
Big ass chopper make God flinch
Ducking from the boys in the field
Just as good as poison with the steel
Hesitation always get you killed, nigga

I wanna pop my shit
I wanna cop my whip in cash
On that note, pull up on them folks
In an all black Ghost like Christmas Past
This shit's ass
Low-key rich with the same outfit that I did just have
Pardon the smoke, that's just my staff
Quick Stop, never seen this much gas, nigga
I got a story to tell you to speak for the niggas that never could speak for theyself
I was off Cumberland Road when a couple of niggas mistook me for somebody else
I put the pedal to metal when I seen the muzzle, I couldn't help but think to myself
Boy, keep your ass in the house, the city is bad for your health

Mmh, niggas want smoke, I want it too
Roses are red, my diamonds are blue
Pockets is green, a permanent hue
My niggas get work like assignments is due
Just made a mil', I counted it once
I think I go spread it around in the slums
265, that's where I'm from
Help me get used to the sound of the drum
Rolls Royce riding down Sunset
I must get a crib in LA
Fuck a nigga finna tell me?
Catch him slipping, send him to Raleigh
Big ass chopper make God flinch
Ducking from the boys in the field
Just as good as poison with the steel
Hesitation always get you killed, nigga

[Young Nudy:]
(Y'all really with the shit)
Pull up on your block, ain't no hesitation
Hit you with the stick, try to run, you ain't gon' make it
Whole lot of money on your head, gotta take it
Roll through your hood like some dice, we gon' shake it
Bitch turned up in the spot booty shakin', yeah (Nasty)
I like this bitch gettin' naked, yeah (Yeah, bitch)
Fuck for the money, she crazy, huh (Yeah, bitch)
Paradise East, from the bricks, yeah, they made me
Nigga wanna hate, gettin' money, say I'm crazy (Okay)
Shit bankroll, ain't nothin' but big faces
Spread it in your face, make a motherfucker hate me
Whole lot of money, make me wanna come take it
I'm in the hood where this shit ain't safe
It's okay, got a Glock, AK
Niggas try to play, I'ma hit 'em in the face

[J. Cole:]
Mmh, niggas want smoke, I want it too
Roses are red, my diamonds are blue
Pockets is green, a permanent hue
My niggas get work like assignments is due
Just made a mil', I counted it once
I think I go spread it around in the slums
265, that's where I'm from
Help me get used to the sound of the drum
Rolls Royce riding down Sunset
I must get a crib in LA
Fuck a nigga finna tell me?
Catch him slipping, send him to Raleigh
Big ass chopper make God flinch
Ducking from the boys in the field
Just as good as poison with the steel
Hesitation always get you killed, nigga


You good, T-Minus?

Niggas been countin' me out
I'm countin' my bullets, I'm loadin' my clips
I'm writin' down names, I'm makin' a list
I'm checkin' it twice and I'm gettin' 'em hit
The real ones been dyin', the fake ones is lit
The game is off balance, I'm back on my shit
The Bentley is dirty, my sneakers is dirty
But that's how I like it, you all on my dick

I'm all in my bag, this hard as it get
I do not snort powder, I might take a sip
I might hit the blunt, but I'm liable to trip
I ain't poppin' no pill, but you do as you wish
I roll with some fiends, I love 'em to death
I got a few mil' but not all of them rich
What good is the bread if my niggas is broke?
What good is first class if my niggas can't sit?
That's my next mission, that's why I can't quit
Just like LeBron, get my niggas more chips
Just put the Rollie right back on my wrist
This watch came from Drizzy, he gave me a gift
Back when the rap game was prayin' I'd diss
They act like two legends cannot coexist
But I'd never beef with a nigga for nothin'
If I smoke a rapper, it's gon' be legit
It won't be for clout, it won't be for fame
It won't be 'cause my shit ain't sellin' the same
It won't be to sell you my latest lil' sneakers
It won't be 'cause some nigga slid in my lane
Everything grows, it's destined to change
I love you lil' niggas, I'm glad that you came
I hope that you scrape every dollar you can
I hope you know money won't erase the pain
To the OGs, I'm thankin' you now
Was watchin' you when you was pavin' the ground
I copied your cadence, I mirrored your style
I studied the greats, I'm the greatest right now
Fuck if you feel me, you ain't got a choice
Now I ain't do no promo, still made all that noise
This shit gon' be different, I set my intentions
I promise to slap all that hate out your voice

Niggas been countin' me out
I'm countin' my bullets, I'm loadin' my clips
I'm writin' down names, I'm makin' a list
I'm checkin' it twice and I'm gettin' 'em hit
The real ones been dyin', the fake ones is lit
The game is off balance, I'm back on my shit
The Bentley is dirty, my sneakers is dirty
But that's how I like it, you all on my dick

I just poured somethin' in my cup
I've been wantin' somethin' I can feel
Promise I am never lettin' up
Money in your palm don't make you real
Foot is on they neck, I got 'em stuck
I'ma give 'em somethin' they can feel
If it ain't 'bout the squad, don't give a fuck
Pistol in your hand don't make you real

I'm dead in the middle of two generations
I'm little bro and big bro all at once
Just left the lab with young 21 Savage
I'm 'bout to go and meet Jigga for lunch
Had a long talk with the young nigga Kodak
Reminded me of young niggas from 'Ville
Straight out the projects, no fakin', just honest
I wish that he had more guidance, for real
Too many niggas in cycle of jail
Spending they birthdays inside of a cell
We coming from a long bloodline of trauma
We raised by our mamas, Lord we gotta heal
We hurting our sisters, the babies as well
We killing our brothers, they poisoned the well
Distorted self image, we set up to fail
I'ma make sure that the real gon' prevail, nigga

I just poured somethin' in my cup
I've been wantin' somethin' I can feel
Promise I am never lettin' up
Money in your palm don't make you real
Foot is on they neck, I got 'em stuck
I'ma give 'em somethin' they can feel
If it ain't 'bout the squad, don't give a fuck
Pistol in your hand don't make you real

Money in your palm don't make you real
Pistol in your hand don't make you real
Money in your palm don't make you real


[Mereba:]
Used to bend for me like the steel of a hatchback
You was there for Q like a fourth grade class fact
Q was in for me, never needed to ask that
PTSD, now I'm having a flashback
Told me I'm sweet, can't sleep in the trap trap
Enemy, envy, make the strap go brrat brrat
You the missing piece, no peace when I sleep now
Used to practice peace, finna sleep with the piece now
Know I'ma miss you long as I'm alive
You said you need to call me, be sure I tried
I wish I didn't have a song to write
I know you probably follow me with your light

[Deante' Hitchcock:]
My mama told me faith is all that I need
And back in the day I would've agreed, but now it's hard to believe
I still do not, 'cause I want, 'cause I need to
Believe in something greater than me without being able to see it
So fuck a watch, I wear my heart on my sleeve
Nobody knows my sorrow, nobody knows about the trouble I seen
A lot of dead niggas livin' through me, shawty, but not in the literal
Most 'em dead 'cause they ain't follow they dream
The power of a higher entity entered me
Mentally, physically, spiritually, I'm on a whole different energy
Fuck the world, but I need you to remember me
I had doubt in myself 'cause I used to fear that you would look at me differently
If I ever changed, I'm numb to it now, I don't feel the same
A slave to the feeling, I'm breaking the chains
Tryna balance out the joy, the pain, the sun, the rain
My life and the fame, done lost the game
The gift, the shame, my skin, my veins
My soul done rained so much on my heart
Really I don't know where to start
The irony of finding self in the dark
My nigga, truthfully, feel like it's two of me, I should've been on that ark
A love-hate relationship with my thoughts, I'm tryna shine in my own light
The realest nigga left in my own right
Helping you with your vices but can't seem to get a grip on my own life, yeah

[Omen:]
I was on my way down, breakdowns, breakthroughs
Spit up out my debut, gotta say I stay true
Maybe why I stayed broke, I been on a goose chase
Gotta swallow pride when they see me, how the truth taste?
Off the beaten path like Blueface
On the North Side, had to be a Tuesday
Walkin' slow with your kids on a school day
Way past midnight suddenly my mood change
That's when the truth came, in New York hearing rumors
My sister was homeless, convinced her to often
Been years since we talked, number changed
Saw you and my heart broke in a couple ways
I can't believe when I seen you, I knew shit was true
Stared in your eyes and I saw a different you
Skated off fast 'fore I could address it
Hope I ran into you 'fore we both get to Heaven

[St. Beauty:]
We might, we might
You opened up my eyes and helped me see the light
We might, we might
You opened up my eyes and helped me see the light, ayy

Yeah, hahahaha
We just kickin' it, you know, ayy, woah
I'm here with all my friends
This is for the homies, for the homies, all the homies, what? What?
And the hoes
Hahahaha, yeah
Said this is for the homies, for the homies, all the homies, what?
And the hoes
Can't forget about the hoes, yeah
For the homies, for the homies, for the homies, what? What?
And the hoes
(Ayy, that shit sound tight)
This is for the homies, for the homies, all the homies, what? What?
And the hoes
Hahahaha, yeah
Said this is for the homies, for the homies, all the homies, what?
And the hoes
Can't forget about the hoes, yeah
For the homies, for the homies, for the homies, what? What?
And the hoes


[Johnny Venus:]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Young nigga back from the dead
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Nigga almost lost his head, yeah
Gotta run, gotta fly, gotta float
Channels on top of the dresser
Baby, you down, need to bless up
Gotta watch how you address us
Playing no games, no dress-up
I got an idea
'Less you wildin' out in my hood, dawg ain't right here
Caption me as world nominated before I miss, yeah
Let the AK spray straight before I'm finished, yeah
As a monologue, talking to the fog, fuck a ho and miss, yeah

I make sacrifices, bloody sacrifices
Cutthroat, grab his toe, I suppose
Maybe that's what life is

Ayy, man, caveman
Two drink, cave in
Two blunt, ease up
Booyah, leaves up
Who care? Who there?
Do what? Wake up
The hell, happened
We want, hands up
Pay you, dare you
Motherfuck, motherfuck
Sister fucked, granny fucked
System, get some
Yeah, you, day two
Yeah, you, you, you
You a van, through the van
Stripper, good Lord
Top chi, not me
Boy, please, whatever
You next, to death
To go, ooh, oh
Who's that? Ring ring
Your number, bang bang
Callin' up, talk it up
Move over

I make sacrifices, bloody sacrifices
Cutthroat, grab his toe, I suppose

[Smino:]
Shit lookin' all red from the North with the power
It ain't Santa Claus
Brought my gifts to Atlanta, I'm Atlanta Claus
I can smell you pussy with the panties off, I
Been gettin' to the bread, tryna keep this shit low
But it ain't workin', my
Circle on fire like a circus now
Around the same niggas I been around, so
Of course I (Of course I), endorse my (Endorse my)
Reggie lil' nigga from the North Side (North Side)
It's astigmatism, you got poor sight (Poor sight)
Let the bitches forget it, I do it Alzheim'
Of course I (Of course I), I divorce my (Divorce my)
Opinion on advance when you walk past
(On bro, that shit groovy, I made it)
Niggas pull strings like a guitar, guitar, G-Star jeans on my sneakers
I'm a real soulful nigga, collared greens inside your sneakers (Yeah, yeah)
Ferguson days on Castro
Wasn't no cash flow
But I'm good for the always, I don't got the shows
I'm good for your whore, let me snatch your shone, shone, shone

[Johnny Venus:]
Bloody sacrifices

[Saba:]
Yeah, ayy
Look at what a motherfucker do for the cash and take
They'll be right across your head like it's Ash Wednesday
You got to just get off your ass like your ass is fake
You can't sit, and if we ain't siblings, then I can't relate
Today's shit, I'm Asic, I run shit, I got it jumpin' like pump fake
I don't need nothing but one take
I'm from the part of the city where young nigga keep him a nine like one plus eight
Our politician a fuckface
Corrupt like a Dogg Pound Gangsta
We do it like a small town wager
How I'm the dropout major
Success stories, I favor
Used to cover my scars, out here tryna cover The Fader
Yeah, Pro Tools, knobs, and the faders
Tail picks, as-salamu alaykum
You ain't 'bout static like AM radio, ain't even playin'
I put my heart and my all in my art, I'm alternate
All of them are the same, it's harder to tell 'em apart some days
I thought I'd call 'em out altogether
Rather than waste the amount of bars it'll take for me to call 'em out by name
Caught a glimpse of the alternate world I've introduced to you
Via the studio, got 'em studying our mixtape
I'm from the hood like my mama, put that on my mama
I lay the law down like parliament, all just with a pen and page

[Johnny Venus:]
I make sacrifices, bloody sacrifices

[J. Cole:]
You can't be everything to everybody
I wanna be your lover, your best friend
Your Batman, Spiderman
Fight to polish who and now your rival's in
I wanna damn near kill you to be the one that heal you up
I wanna be the one that feel you up
On nights when you need good dick to cheer you up
I wanna be the one to build you up
A wall worth five billion bucks to keep out the rah-rah
And the blah-blah-blah so nobody try to steal your thunder
Pull you under
Toss my hopes out, Royal Rumble
We done moved out to the boondocks
Built a big house, there he wonders
How somewhere along the way
He went from Huey to Eddie Wuncler
I been so disconnected, my perspective is ignorant
When you rich, niggas don't wanna correct you
Say something crazy, they won't interject
Do every drug that you want, they gon' let you
Dangerous when it's nobody to check you
I be havin' to check myself
Nigga, stop holding that money, you know you got plenty
I be havin' to spread my wealth
I used to be at the crib myself
7 years old, off of Red Boulevard
Where they bag up the raw
They gon' stand on the corner, one hand on they balls
And they ran when the cops come, there go the laws
Then I packed up a bag and I trapped it up north on the path of a star
And I ran into you like I met you before
Now damn, me and you goin' half on a boy, sing

[J. Cole:]
Huggin' the block, huggin' the block all day
I had nowhere to go, she gave me a place to stay
She gave me her heart to hold, I still got that shit to this day
She ridin' with me on the road, she ridin' with me in the A
Huggin' the block, huggin' the block, okay
She gave me the gift of my son, and plus we got one on the way
She gave me a family to love, for that, I can never repay
I'm crying while writing these words, the tears, they feel good on my face, hey

And yesterday could feel just like a waste, yeah
If I don't love you how I'm supposed to
And yesterday could feel just like a waste, yeah
If I don't love you how I'm supposed to

[Johnny Venus:]
I make sacrifices, bloody sacrifices


[Cam'ron (J. Cole):]
Killa, it's The Off-Season
Let's keep it tall, y'all ain't fuckin' with my man
And don't check your watch, you know the time
Cole World, Killa Cam', niggas is fuckin' finished (Yeah)

[J. Cole:]
This shit too easy for me now
Nigga, Cole been goin' plat' since back when CDs was around
What you sold, I tripled that, I can't believe these fuckin' clowns
Look how everybody clappin' when your thirty-song album do a measly hundred thou'
If I'm bettin' on myself, then I'll completely double down
If you hated on a nigga, please don't greet me with a pound
I be stayin' out the way, but if the beef do come around
Could put a M right on your head, you Luigi brother now
Trace my steps all in this game, you could see we cover ground
Back and forth from NC to New York when Jeezy had the crown
Vivid memories, niggas start to squeeze, we duckin' down
So many shells left on the ground, it make the Easter Bunny proud
I get up, dust my clothes off, sleep is the cousin of death
No plans to doze off, the streets, it don't come with a ref
I never sold soft, just creeped where the hustlers crept
And got they O's off, you reach, niggas uppin' like Steph
To blow your nose off, gesundheit, and then resume flight
As if it never happened, shit we witnessed full of so much sickness
Angels sheddin' tears in Heaven, word to Eric Clapton
Off this clever rapping, bitch, my pockets gon' forever fatten

They gon' forever fatten
[Cam'ron:]
See, we tried to tell niggas
They act like they don't even fuckin' speak English

[J. Cole:]
Bitch, my pen to the paper's lethal
I'm sendin' 'em straight to meet the
The nigga that made them peep the reaper
Creepin' on ya, the scent of failure reekin' on ya
Check your genitalia, pussy-niggas bleedin' on yourself
Fuckin' with Cole is bold, but it's impedin' on your health
All yo' niggas eatin' off your wealth
All my niggas feedin' all they selves, and it feels swell
Krispy Kreme dreams, sometime my dawgs wanna kill twelve (Uh)
'Cause they steady harassin'
We seen dilemmas like Nelly and Kelly that end in the deadliest fashion
My young niggas nutty, they blastin'
Bullets be hummin' like Cudi but one of yo' hoodies Spaghetti-O splashin'
All over the driveway, y'all talkin' all sideways
Shots poppin' off, y'all laid down
Cops chalkin' off y'all legs now
(Shit) God watchin', "Hey, Yahweh"
My niggas looked up to the sky like we sendin' it y'all way (Y'all way)
We sendin' it y'all way (Y'all way)

[Cam'ron:]
That's what the fuck I'm talkin' 'bout
Y'all see what the fuck goin' on out here (Killa, Harlem)
I-95 shit, Carolina, 2-6, stand up, nigga

[Lil Jon:]
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your hood up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Put your clique up
Represent your shit, motherfucker
Represent your shit, motherfucker
Represent your clique, motherfucker
Represent your clique, motherfucker
If you scared to throw it up, get the fuck out the club
If you scared to throw it up, get the fuck out the club


Bada-ba, bada-ba
Bada-ba, da-da
Off-Season
Let's work, hey

Plottin' my escape, this game rot a nigga's faith
Got a couple M's hidin' in the safe
Imagination turned a Honda into Wraith
I was doin' eighty on the interstate
Tryna make it back before my class started
Country nigga never seen a passport
'Til I popped off and got a bag for it
Now I'm at the Garden sittin' half court
Watchin' Jr. catch it off the backboard
'Ville nigga never seen nothing
'Cept a fucking triple beam jumping
Good dope leave a fiend krumping
Made it out, it gotta mean something

Either you gon' hustle or that nigga Uncle Sam got yo' ass re-enlisting
2-6, murder scene pumping
Better leave it tucked if you ain't dumping
Pow, pow, nigga, he slumping
Twelve comin', we ain't seen nothing
Time change, niggas ain't rumbling no more
Nah, what for? Hungry for more
If you solo these vocals, listen close and you can hear grumbling
Multi' and I'm still munching
Big bag, never fear fumbling
Want smoke? Nigga don't choke
I'm a whole fuckin' nicotine company
Dreamville the Army, not a Navy
How could you ever try to play me?
Kill 'em on a song, walk up out the booth, do the Westbrook rock-a-baby
I never fall out with the bro
Hate when your family turn into foe
We had a penthouse on the road
Interior decorated with the hoes
Just like a multiple-choice getting chose
My niggas like "Eenie, meenie, miney, moe"
Scoop up a dime-piece like we homeless
Then we gon' send 'em back pigeon-toed
Out of the concrete was a rose and winters was cold
Had to go over and stand by the stove
We from the Southeast, niggas know
This where the opps creep real slow
Won't vote but they mob deep with the poles
I punch the time sheet, not no more
And now my assigned seat is the throne

Plottin' my escape, this game rot a nigga's faith
Got a couple M's hidin' in the safe
Imagination turned a Honda into Wraith
I was doin' eighty on the interstate
Tryna make it back before my class started
Country nigga never seen a passport
'Til I popped off and got a bag for it
Now I'm at the Garden sittin' half court
Watchin' Jr. catch it off the backboard
'Ville nigga never seen nothing
'Cept a fucking triple beam jumping
Good dope leave a fiend krumping
Made it out, it gotta mean something
Made it out, it gotta mean something
Made it out, it gotta mean something

Bada-ba, bada-ba, bada-ba, ah-ah


[J. Cole:]
Oh, you came there, God
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, Lord
No matter how, no matter how long it take, yeah
No matter how long it take, nigga
Oh, God, yeah
You better be

Spiralin' up, just like a rich nigga staircase (Spiral up)
No fly zone, please stay the fuck out my airspace (Out my face)
Niggas say things behind backs that they wouldn't dare say (Dare say)
Know it's on sight when I see you, I'm workin' at Squarespace
Yeah, top of the mornin', I know that you thought I was dormant
Woke up early from shots that were swarmin'
A block full of opps, now the cops in an orbit
Guess somebody got popped, now they knockin' on doors
Tryna find an informant but I ain't see nathin'
I'm mindin' my business as God is my witness
No weapon gon' prosper that's formin' against me
Nigga, I'm starvin', immensely
Know when I'm done with these songs, you gon' miss me
Ja Morant, I'm on my Grizzly
You niggas just cubs but no, not the ones in the big leagues
After The Fall Off, I promise I'm comin' to sellin' out Wrigley's
Nigga, I'm just a product of poverty, full of narcotics to profit off quickly
My family tree got a history of users that struggle with demons
Not really the hustler instincts
Therefore, often, my pockets was empty
So while some of my partners was servin' up rocks on the corners, the project assemblies
Me, I was startin' to envy, wanna be on the top where it's plenty
Wanna be in the spot like where every bitch want me like Rihanna droppin' new Fenty
What I see in the sky, the 'Ville is the ceilin', can't reach up too high, evidently
Nah, shit, I can't reach up too high, evidently
Never seen no one drivin' a Bentley
I can't be out here moppin' up Wendys

[Morray & J. Cole:]
My life is all I have
My rhymes, my pen, my pad
And I done made it out the struggle, don't judge me
What you sayin' now won't budge me
'Cause where I come from (Come from), so often (So often)
People you grow up with layin' in a coffin
But I done made it through the pain and strife
It's my time now, my world, my life, my life

[21 Savage:]
Say what? The stuff that I've seen got me traumatized
I let the K go when Johnny died
Swangin' that muhfucka' side to side
We don't participate, ain't with that squashin' shit, all we believe in is homicide
I got a good heart, so I send teddy bears every time we make they mommas cry
I pray that my past ain't ahead of me (21)
When I'm in love, I love heavily (On God)
If you betray me, you dead to me (21)
I disrespect you respectfully (Straight up)
I got some partners who left this Earth
Maybe the pain made a better me (On God)
Just know that they secrets is kept with them (On God)
I feel like the streets is in debt with me (Straight up)
I gave my heart away to all the dawg hoes 'cause that's who accepted me (21)
I blame my pops for that shit 'cause if he didn't fail, he could've corrected me (21)
Give all the props to my momma 'cause no matter what, she always protected me (On God)
I promise you, it ain't no checkin' me (On God)
Jump in the water, get wet with me (Straight up, 21, 21)
You want my money or wanna have sex with me?
Can't let the opps or the law get the best of me
I get to answerin', you get to textin' me
I see chicken, you niggas is breast to me
Planted a seed but it ain't a sesame
Can't let you niggas or bitches grow next to me

[Morray & J. Cole:]
My life is all I have
My rhymes, my pen, my pad
And I done made it out the struggle, don't judge me
What you sayin' now won't budge me
'Cause where I come from (Come from), so often (So often)
People you grow up with layin' in a coffin
But I done made it through the pain and strife
It's my time now, my world, my life, my life


Yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, nigga (One two, one two, one)
The Off-Season (One two, one two, one two, one)
The Off-Season, nigga
We off of niggas (Ayy, that's right)
Fuck you talkin' 'bout? (That's right, ayy)
Off of niggas (Yeah, hey, yeah)
(Vocal up a little more, hey)

Uh, applying pressure
Started my grind where crime festers
And now it's showing like they in they second trimesters (Pregnant)
That's why when nigga's throw a shot or two online
I pay no mind to their benign gestures (Mm)
Nigga, please, I got my mind on much bigger things to say the least
My latest beat just sound like they was released by David East (What up East?)
Verses hit hard, never pitched hard or played the streets
These niggas whips hard, behind closed doors, can't pay the lease (Uh)
Ain't nothin' wrong with livin' check to check 'cause most have to (I understand that)
Instead of cappin', why don't you talk about being a broke rapper? (I don't understand that)
That's a perspective I respect because it's real
What it's like to be nice as fuck but got to stress to pay the bills
That was me in '08, seein' no cake
Not even on dates or celebrated my birth
Just did the mental math and calculated my worth
Shit crazy, didn't know I got more M's than a real Slim Shady video
(How many of us in here?)
Big Boss, less Rick Ross, more like a wavy Hideo
Kojima, they tote steamers around the way we tippy-toe
'Round crack vials and cold-blooded killers, no reptiles
Just projectiles, from niggas salty you rockin' the fresher textiles
I seen best pals grow up and switch (I hate to see it)
Sometimes over a couple dollars, more often over a bitch (Ah, I hate to see it)
I can cap and say that I never scratched my jealousy's itch
But thank God I conquered that 'cause if not I'd never be rich
Envy, keep your pockets empty, so just focus on you
If you broke and clownin' a millionaire, the joke is on you
Money ain't everything, I never say that (Never)
But niggas throw stones knowin' they sell soul to get wherever they at (Come on, man)
Just know these verses is some shit they gon' forever playback, nigga (Come on, nigga)

Hell yeah (Ooh)
Fuck, you know what it is nigga
Don't even dare
Niggas try to act like they don't—, bitch
That's why I gotta flex sometimes
'Cause niggas just try to act like you just not that motherfuckin' nigga like
Like you just really don't do it how you do it
Like niggas will really try to act like you don't do what you do
Nigga look you dead in your face
And really act like you don't do it to the level that you do it
That's why sometimes you gotta come through
And just do it at the level that you do it in front of every nigga face
So they know the difference between you, the real niggas
And the mothafuckin' fraudulent niggas, man
Don't never get it fucked up
If a nigga can't do it like you do it
Sometimes you gotta do it in front of his fuckin' face so he'll know forever
Damn, that nigga did it how I always wanted to do it
And I'll never be able to do it like that
Bitch it's a difference (Ah)
(These are the same ones telling our people what we are
And we aren't because we're just not working hard enough
And that mentality is what we're up against today
But this is good to know because this time, when we march on the Capitol
You can go ahead and let 'em know long before we get there
We're coming to get that check)


[(J. Cole) & Damian Lillard:]
It ain't nothing I want more
Ain't nothing I want more
I ain't c–
I told you, when I first came here, I said, "I ain't come here to waste my time"
I came here
They gave us a chance to get in, like we asked for
And that's, that's what we here to do
(Yeah, nigga, 26)
The job still ain't done
(Straight up)
But I, I said, "You, you know what I'm here for"

[J. Cole:]
Back on top, punchin' the clock, clutchin' sanity
I got more cribs than Habitat for Humanity
Shit profound, we propagating more profanity
Paid off collections from recollections of calamity (Oh shit, look, that nigga gonna shoot)
The shit pop off, I learned to duck under the canopy (Oh shit, run, nigga, run)
'Til it cool off, they murked a nigga right in front of me
Told him to come off his chain for tryna floss
Died over a cross just like the start of Christianity
When I was a boy, the teacher often reprimanded me (Jermaine)
Thought it was toys, it was a Glock this nigga handed me
I busted the trees, was barely strong enough to squeeze
Bullets traveled through leaves, it probably killed somebody randomly
Ran in the crib and played it off amongst the family
Nightmare scenes, the police finally apprehended me
Woke up screamin', seen a demon had his hand on me
Still sport the scar on my arm from where he branded me
Like a Que Dog, my niggas burnin' with the mute off
Loud pack smoke through the cracks, I catch a contact
Triggerin' a paranoid mindset, now I'm back
Teeterin' between enlightened and insanity
Now that I'm rich, I feel nobody understandin' me
All I can do is cut the mic on, holler at you
Can't let the fame scare me off from speaking candidly
All them niggas is so Kane, they started singin' like Danity
Now I'm left here, paid like I planned to be, damn

[Damian Lillard:]
A lot of times, those situations are, um, are handled way before the time comes
In the summer, I think when you truly prepare yourself, and
With training and conditioning, and things like that
When you cheat yourself, you fail in those moments
You know, you crash, and when you really put the time in and
Whether people see it, or whether people know it or not
You know, it always come to light


How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see 'em killin' is time

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind

Never peddled rock, never said a lot, only what need to be said
Got a little guap, when you get a lot, won't no bitch leave you on read
Don't push me, nigga, my feet on the ledge
This game is like follow the leader, if you looking closely enough, then you'll see that I led
The moves that I made, the people I fed, the evil I ducked
They minds is too feeble, they lean on they crutch
I'm bleeding from fighting my demons head up
When I get defeated, believe I get up
I come from a city most niggas ain't heard of until they popped in my first CD, now look
I'm on that Mount Rushmore, you niggas can't front no more, bitch, I'ma reign until FEMA show up
When shots got to ringing, like freedom, I ducked
E&J fell out my cup
Them bullets fly by, that shit sober you up
I'm proud of my niggas, they never switched up
Don't care if it's Michael B. Jordan that's calling my woman to fuck, she ain't gon' never pick up
Sadly, I can't say the same for you niggas
A couple of dollars be changing you niggas
I pray for you niggas, but

How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see them killing is time

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the, uh

It's not 'bout the money, it's more about time
Shit makes sense when you see how I spend mine
Burst through the ceiling, I'm feeling sublime
Can't leave the game yet, I feel like LeBron

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the, uh

How come a nigga ain't enter his prime?
Still gettin' better after all this time
These niggas say that they killers, they lyin'
Only thing I see 'em killin' is time

One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind
One hundred mil' and I'm still on the grind

Ooh, one hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still
One hundred mil' and I'm still


[J. Cole:]
Uh

Pride is the Devil
Think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil
It left so many R.I.P.
Pride is the Devil
Think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil, yeah, uh

Terrified, paranoid, I'll put you over everything to fill the void
And when you're gone, will I have anything or will I be destroyed? Uh
Terrified, paranoid, I'll put you over everything to fill the void
And when you're gone, will I have anything or will I be destroyed? Yeah

Bright lights pass me in the city, it's emergency
I'm thankful 'cause I made it past my thirties, no one murdered me
Still remember vividly the nigga that pulled a gun on me
I'm petrified, but moving like I got no sense of urgency
Pride make a nigga act way harder than he really be
Pride hide the shame when city cut off all utilities
Pride hide the pain of growing up inhaling poverty
Pride make a nigga feel the way that you would follow me
Make a nigga flash a thousand like he hit the lottery
Make a baby mama make shit harder than it gotta be
Make you have to take the bitch to court to see your prodigy
Make you have to use your last resort and pull a robbery
Pride be the reason for the family dichotomy
Got uncles and some aunties that's too proud to give apologies
Slowly realizing what the root of all my problems be
It got me feeling different when somebody say they proud of me

Pride is the Devil, uh
I think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil, uh
It left so many R.I.P.
Pride is the Devil
I think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil, uh, yeah

Terrified, paranoid, I'll put you over everything to fill the void
And when you're gone, will I have anything or will I be destroyed? Uh
Terrified, paranoid, I'll put you over everything to fill the void
And when you're gone, will I have anything or will I be destroyed? Yeah

Too much money to count, what's the amount?
Check never bounce
I gotta pay a nigga to add it up
Then pay somebody to make sure whatever amount he say he can back it up
Got racks on racks, I'm rackin' up, stackin' up
You're reachin', I'm actin' up

[Lil Baby:]
Break it down, weigh it up, now bag it up
Making five a month, that's regular
Nigga playing with us, that's a negative
Go back to start, that's never
I'm a boss, my closet leather
Ain't no off-days on my schedule
Long as I live, we live forever
Told my twin this shit get better
These niggas done slipped, let me ahead 'em
Got my feet up, I paid silly bands to have sex on the jet
I don't need 'em, that shit in the past, I'm feelin' like what's next
Got my speed up, foot all on the gas, this not a C8 'Vette
I can beat 'em, I believe in me, just tell me what's the bet
All my pride gone, had to lose it all then I got rich
I own five homes, glad some of this shit starting to make sense
I'm staying hella focused and I can't forget the bigger picture
I can't even hold you, I didn't have shit, I won't forget it
Will I be destroyed?
Come to me with everything, it's starting to get annoying
I'm addicted to promethazine, it's crazy, yeah, I know it
All this money coming in, it drive me crazy not to show it
I'll be crazy if I blow it

[J. Cole:]
Pride is the Devil, uh
I think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil, uh
And it left so many R.I.P.
Pride is the Devil
I think it got a hold on me
Pride is the Devil, uh


[J. Cole:]
Soldier's song, marching on, on
Hoping to see home
If I die before I
See your smile just one more time

Sometimes I question whether this shit matters
Puttin' substance into something and the world's so used to instant gratification
I found this instrumental on my phone while on vacation
Ib sent it a year ago or so
I probably heard it before, but slept on it, you know?
Shit don't always connect as soon as you press play
At times you gotta step away, do some livin'
Let time provide a new prescription, givin' truer vision
I dibble-dabble in a few religions
My homie constantly telling me 'bout Quran, puttin' me on
I read a few pages and recognize the wisdom in it
But I ain't got the discipline for stickin' with it
Now I'm on the way to London, got a show for seven digits
I'm wonderin' just when did I become my biggest critic?
I wanna be my biggest fan, like how I was when didn't nobody know my jams
Today my son said, "Dad, let go my hand"
Reminded me one day he's gonna be his own man
And my job is to make sure he's equipped
I gotta make sure he not no bitch 'cause niggas bound to try him
If I said I was the toughest growin' up, I would be lyin'
I had a fear of gettin' punched while everybody eyein'
Add to that a constant fear of dyin'
By gunshot wound, the other violent type of endings
I kept a tough demeanor on the surface but was mostly just pretendin'
Luckily my bluff was workin' way more often than not
But sometimes a nigga pulled my card, tryna expose me for a fraud
And with my reputation at stake
I was scufflin' just to save face
Couple wins, couple losses, some broken up too quick to call it
My last scrap was with Puff Daddy, who would've thought it?
I bought that nigga album in seventh grade and played it so much
You would've thought my favorite rapper was Puff
Back then I ain't know shit, now I know too much
Ignorance is bliss and innocence is just ignorance before it's introduced to currency and clips
Or bad licks that have a nigga servin' three to six, shit

[J. Cole & Bas & 6LACK:]
Soldier's song, marching on, on
Hoping to see home
If I die before I
See your smile just one more time

[Bas:]
Soldier's song
I could be one to lean on
Time will right the wrongs
Won't be long
How can we grow any closer?
How can we grow any closer?
How can we grow any closer?
How can we grow any closer?
Something inside of me's tryna crawl up to the surface
Something is suddenly smothering, stopping me
Stubbornly getting its way (Way), way (Way)
Drowning out the wave (Drowning out)
I've got a reason to believe that I'll turn out just fine
Soldier's song

[Diddy:]
Lord, please guide our steps
Watch us, cover us
So that every move we make is in alignment with Your will
Your purpose
Please fill us with Your spirit
Keep us forever in the present
For presence makes the strongest fathers
Teach us how to lead
Show us how to love


I'm a livin' little good thing
It's like you never lived for me
Mama said you was a good thing, uh
Good, good, good
Yeah
We came a long way, man, we done came a long way
And we sittin' on top of this shit
This shit can go one or two ways
This shit can go up, it can go down
Either way, nigga, I'm prepared
Feel me? Yeah

I be comin' in peace, but fuck me
Best beware of the others
This shit deep, undercovers creep
This Southern heat make unbearable summers
Just last week, seen your mama weep
Crying 'cause she don't wan' bury your brother
The blood leaks while the EMTs
Gotta carry her baby like surrogate mothers
Woah, thank God we survived around where the terrorists hovered
Though traumatized, wouldn't trade it for nothin'
Through hard times, it was there I discovered a hustle
And makin' the best out the struggle
I kept grindin' 'til this day, up a level
Respect mine, gotta stay out of trouble
'Cause TEC-9's like the AR rebuttals
Cole World, niggas knowin' what it is
Just in case they don't, I show 'em what it is
Then in summer, I do real numbers
Couldn't dare touch it if they sold the double disc
Block hot, niggas burnin' up the street
Shots poppin' and we heard it up the street
It's a war, niggas runnin' up the score
Jesus said that you should turn the other cheek
Voiceless niggas gettin' murdered every week
Dead bodies, smell the odor in the street
My homie' homie got out on parole
He sold more Coca-Cola than the soda industry
Summertime bring the coldest winter breeze
Hella blues like the Rollin' 60's
Christ went to Heaven aged thirty-three
And so did Pimp C and so did Nipsey

I told you, I told you
This shit can go up, it can go down, I don't give a fuck
Nigga, I done seen the highest heights
I done seen it twice
And I've seen them lowest of the lows
And still I rose
Now I'm at your neck, nigga, yeah


Are you doin' this work to facilitate growth or to become famous?
Which is more important?
Getting or letting go?
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)
You can do anything, anything you can do (You can do anything)

Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant but the truth hurtful?
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come back to life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon (Bitch, I'm back out-)

Yeah
To the left of that decimal, I need seven figures to play the joint
Turn up your decibels, peep how I decimate a joint
Check out my projects like them workers that Section 8 appoints
And you'll see how I flipped, like exclamation points
My niggas shoot first as if they never played the point, more two guards
Enough straps to fill four U-Hauls
More death than World War II caused
Around these parts we pour the brown just to drown these thoughts
Of black corpses in county morgues, Lord, those images hauntin'
I ain't been sleep yet, it's ten in the mornin'
I'm sendin' a warnin', a problem with me is like the BET Hip-Hop Awards
I'm startin' to see you niggas don't want it
I'm sick of this flauntin', from niggas I know for sho' ain't got mo' dough than Cole
Trash rappers, ass backwards, tryna go toe to toe
We laugh at ya, staff strapped up on top the totem pole, to blast at ya
Bass masters, look how they tote a pole
Gotta know the ropes and the protocol
Or they gon' for sho blow your clothes half off like a promo code
Made a lil' tune called "Foldin Clothes," and a nigga still ain't known to fold under pressure
Well you know what Cole do, make a diamond, they just rhymin'
Me, I'm quotin' gold
One phone call get you canceled like a homophobe
In this PC culture, address me as the G.O.A.T.
Like they call Chief Keef Sosa, in my sectional like a fuckin' three piece sofa
I'm known as the chosen one
Another dead body lay frozen, that's how it go sometimes
When niggas weighin' coke and not the pro's and cons
Well I ain't with that sleepin' underground like a gopher, so I go for mines

Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant but the truth hurtful (Yeah)
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come back to life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue moon (Yeah)

Survival at all costs, everyday niggas get logged off
Bodies get hauled off
Passin' a funeral procession while holdin' my breath in the car I thought
At times, it be feelin' the devil be winnin' but do that mean God lost?
Just got off the phone with my nigga, he back in the kennel, my dog lost
I brought him 'round close to me before but he
Became addicted to clout and all the hoes we'd meet
I slowly peeped jealousy on his breath, whenever he spoke to me
Like on the low, he feelin' like in my shoes is where he supposed to be
I tried to ignore the signs, but there in the back of my mind, it felt
Like lettin' a nigga come sleep on your couch and he eatin' up all yo' groceries
My nigga repeated this quote to me, I felt its potency
Said, "Most of these niggas gon' hang themselves, just give 'em the rope and see"
Shit, I heeded that, and what got showed to me
Was screamin' that, some niggas you gotta leave 'em back
Unfortunately we seen the trap
Niggas be on that demon clock resultantly
They fiend to clap as often as the Genius app misquotin' me, uh
Meanwhile, I see that yo' diamonds is glistenin'
I'm glad that you shinin' but need I remind you my niggas is dimin' and nickelin'?
Scrapin' up whatever coin they can find, the pettiest crime they committin' it
Just to get by for a limited time, the steepest of mountains they tryna climb
I'm here tryna find the derivative
You niggas don't feel me, you see the clout
You don't see the real me
If I was sick, you niggas wouldn't heal me
That's why I'm healin' myself, gettin' in tune with my God
Slowly revealin' myself, buildin' my wealth
A nigga touch mine, I'ma kill 'em myself, trust me

Everything come back around full circle
Why do lies sound pleasant but the truth hurtful
Everybody gotta cry once in a while
But how long will it take 'fore you smile?
This is that come back to life shit
My niggas pick me up and we gon' light the city up as if the sun had the night shift
And paint the town red for my nigga found dead too soon
Now I know why they call it blue moon (Yeah)

Bitch, I'm back outside, nigga
I'm back outside
I'm back outside
Bitch, I'm back outside
Everybody mentions suicide prevention
Man, they even made a hotline
To call up when there's tension
But I got a question
What about a fuckin' homicide?
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved
Need a number for my niggas to call
Whenever there's a urge to get triggers involved


Yeah
Close
Ville-matic, one, one
One, one, one-two, one
One-two, one, one-two, one
One-two, one, one, listen

Close, I stare at my dreams as they approach
Gotta be patient and trust in God, He the coach
Temptations are taking a shortcut, but I don't
'Cause I ain't tryna be a almost, when I get it, I'ma float
Gone are the days we was close
Now when I see you, I look at you just like a ghost
A shell of your former self, so caught up with that dope
Two niggas singin' two different notes and you know I gotta coast
Nothin' but a dollar and some hope
Up in NY, but damn, what hurts me the most
You was a good nigga, we knew each other's folks
Now you gotta ride around with the toast and you keep that shit close
'Cause niggas plottin' on you since you chose
To roll around with the candy paint on spokes
You know 'Ville niggas don't like it when you boast
You know twelve be takin' notes and they watchin' you close
But maybe you don't see 'em 'cause the smoke
Cloudin' your vision from every cigar that you toke
Plus the lean you sippin' which started as a joke
Got you now fiendin' for your next dose, meanwhile I'm so close
Don't even give a fuck that I'm broke
'Cause in my mind I'm rich with shit I done wrote
Therefore I'm convinced that this is supposed to happen
And in time I'ma blow, they gon' label me the GOAT
How long has it been since we spoke?
Last night I jumped up from my sleep, I was soaked
Call it a nightmare, the scene that awoke me
Involved you and niggas I ain't know, they was creepin' up close
I saw the heat tucked in they coats
You didn't notice 'cause you was busy countin' dough
I tried to yell, but nothin' came out of my throat
Niggas cocked back the hammers and you froze, in your eyes I saw hope
Hope of a better way to cope with the pain
And the scars, than the lean and the coke
And I swear in that moment I wish we were still close
Maybe I could've saved you, but no, trigger squeeze, gun smoke
I open up my eyes with a jolt
Heart pumpin' like Usain Bolt
Reached for my phone, missed calls and a text message note
From my mama sayin' you just got smoked, damn, this life is no joke

Close
Fuck


[J. Cole:]
Alright now, alright now
God has a plan for you
And all you've got to do is believe, believe, believe
Yeah

Shit gon' get hard, keep your head strong
If I quit now, then I'm dead wrong
Fightin' off this hunger for hours
Big stepper, nigga, don't get stepped on
The money might fade, but respect don't
Still gon' be me when success gone
I don't speak the language of cowards
I walk through the flame like I'm Teflon

I sucked up the pain and I kept goin'
Whole world know my name, bitch, my rep strong
We sold out in less than a hour
These words I still sang like I'm slept on
I sin, so I can't cast the next stone
Unless it's baguettes 'round my neck bone
Inside of my frame lies a power
You can't get this game from no TED Talk
I wanna know if they understand me
I put it all on A, ain't no plan B
Hopin' all this weight ain't gon' drown me
Fucked around, got grey hairs already
Runnin' up the stairs on a tower
Runnin' up these Ms by the hour
If I drop a gem, money showers
When you get your taste, they get sour

[J. Cole (James Fauntleroy):]
Shit gon' get hard, keep your head strong
(Just keep your head strong)
The money might fade, but respect don't
(The ultimate price is regret now)
Still gon' be me when success gone
(Still gon' be me, ahh-ahh-ahh)
Big stepper, nigga, don't get stepped on

[J. Cole:]
Waitin' my turn like grains of sand inside a hourglass
Mainly concerned back in the day with how long I would last
Make a few thousand dollars stack with every hour passed
I catch you playin' inside my lane and I'ma foul your ass
Put the whole game on top my back, don't need no chiropract'
They callin' me young PWC, I got my power back
Ain't fuckin' around, beefin' with me gon' get you hollered at
Niggas can't see me one-on-one, that's word to Kyla Pratt
You hittin' them weights, congratulations 'cause you built somethin'
You takin' a lot of boxin' lessons, but you still pussy
I see right through you niggas just like 2Pac hologram
Ain't doin' Coachella, bookin' me gon' be a lot of Ms
I'm feeling myself, I'm building my wealth up 'til it's towerin'
I put my tongue all in my bitch, she get to hollerin'
I ain't doin' no dirt no more, I stopped creepin' six years ago
Fun fuckin' them hoes until you realize that you is the ho

Shit gon' get hard, keep your head strong
If I quit now then I'm dead wrong
Fightin' off this hunger for hours
Big stepper, nigga, don't get stepped on
The money might fade, but respect don't
Still gon' be me when success gone
I don't speak the language of cowards
I walk through the flame like I'm Teflon

[James Fauntleroy:]
Can't be afraid of sunlight
Spotlights when it close
All the pain you hold
Makes you worth your weight in gold
Can't be afraid of sunlight
Spotlights when it close
All the pain you hold
Makes you worth your weight in gold
God has a plan for you
And all you've got to do is believe, believe, be—


Yeah
My mind state feel like the crime in the summertime
Higher than average
Lot of cabbage
Thank God I never abide by the established
Guidelines that keep niggas inside of fabrics
Commissioned by the state, I skate by the masters
Like "Yoo-hoo" with a new-new ridin' passenger
Shout out Oak Cliff, I'm 'bout to fly to Dallas
Decade from now I might just buy the Mavericks
What up, Mark Cuban?
I am only part human, half-man, half-amazing
Plus I'm good at math like I'm Asian
Hate to use stereotypes, but that's light compared to what a nigga get from Caucasians
No race baitin', treat the beat like Playstation
Reporting to you live from the International Space Station
I probably vacation on Mars
The flow is out of this world and so is the bars
Blow the facade right off of your squad
Lil' rappers, I love you, but you ain't shit 'til you got offers in Prague
Look that shit up
A book, nigga, pick that shit up
Expand your vocab
I'm giving out toe tags for no cash
All summer long plus three seasons after
Please CC a rapper, tell him meet me
It's absolutely imperative that my heat speak to rappers
The problem with this game is this weak sea of rappers
I'm the answer on the low, I'm a cheat sheet for rappers
I came around AC, the DC adaptors
Plug talk, what I'm really sayin' is a shame but my niggas move 'caine like HBCU Kappas
Whole town full of CC Sabathias
You think niggas gettin' fat pitchin' crack?
Not really
This is not the eighties, don't be silly
Now we push pills and sell heroin to Billy
Now Billy momma want the judge to pardon his addiction
How many black addicts that got caught up in the system
With no sob stories on your prime time television, I can smell a blatant contradiction
Man, listen
Don't want to fuck up my vibe
Let's end it on a positive note, come see me live
KOD, album of the year, undebatably
My cadence be the greatest we've seen since the late MC who's name was The Notorious
Dreamville stacked like the Warriors
Winning back to back
Next up to bat is my nigga Bas
After that Jiddy-J.I.D
That's that New York City kid plus ATL
Me, I'm from the 'Ville but I know them towns well
Before I had a deal I was givin' niggas hell
Now I'm givin' niggas deals and they givin' niggas hell


And I'm in denial
And it don't take no x-ray to see right through my smile
I know, I'd be on the go
And it ain't no drink out there that can numb my soul
No, no

All we want to do is take the chains off
All we want to do is break the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is take the chains off
All we want to do is break the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free

Can you tell me why every time I step outside
I see my niggas die,
Ooh, I'm letting you know
That it ain't no gun they make that can kill my soul
Oh, no

All we want to do is take the chains off
All we want to do is take the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is take the chains off
All we want to do is break the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free

Are we all alone fighting on our own
Please give me a chance
I don't wanna dance
Something's got me down
I will stand my ground,
Don't just stand around
Don't just stand around

All we want to do is take these chains off
All we want to do is break the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free

All we want to do is take these chains off
All we want to do is break the chains off
All we want to do is be free
All we want to do is be free


[Verse 1: J. Cole]
And I'm in denial
And it don't take no x-ray to see right through my smile
I know, I be on the go
And there ain't no drink out there that can numb my soul
Oh no

[Hook: J. Cole x2]
All we wanna do is take the chains off
All we wanna do is break the chains off
All we wanna do is be free
All we wanna do is be free

[Verse 2: PhoniK]
Is it too much to ask?
Is it that hard to see?
I'm here pleadin'. This is what God gave me!
But your black heart bleeding bullets into the seeds of your own father
Why bother pour these tears in your bottle?
Just to quench your thirst?
So you could drag my little son in a hearse?
And bring darkness to Earth?
Cause we don't look like you, it means we're victims by birth
I'll just bottle up my hurt..
I'll just bottle up my hurt. Curse you but curse the system first!
Designed as a cage for my kind and the kind that is not your kind
You playing kind like we blind and we don't see through it
You came through with your sirens and your pledge to leave our bodies contoured with a chalk
Is it ever gonna stop? We just wanna live
But too bad we're equal - the killers and the kids
Now what? You ran out of handcuffs?
Is that how you conclude that he's 'armed' - cause his hands' up?!

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
Can you tell me why
Every time I step outside I see my niggas die
I'm lettin' you know
That there ain't no gun they make that can kill my soul
Oh no

[Hook x2]

[Eyewitness account from Dorian Johnson:]
So now it was like the officer is pulling him inside the car and he's trying to pull away. At no time the officer said that he was going to do anything until he pulled out his weapon. His weapon was drawn and he said, "I'll shoot you" or, "I'm going to shoot" and in the same moment, the first shot went off. We looked down and he was shot and there was blood coming from him. Then we took off running

Are we all alone, fighting on our own
Please give me a chance, I don't wanna dance
Somethings got me down, I will stand my ground
Don't just stand around, don't just stand around

[Eyewitness account from Dorian Johnson:]
As we took off running I ducked and hid for my life, because I was fearing for my life. I hid behind the first car I saw. My friend, he kept running, and he told me to keep running because he feared for me too. So as he was running the officer was trying to get out of the car, and once he got out the car he pursued my friend but his weapon was drawn. Now he didn't see any weapon drawn at him or anything like that, us going for no weapon. His weapon was already drawn when he got out the car. He shot again, and once my friend felt that shot, he turned around and put his hands in the air, and started to get down, but the officer still approached with his weapon drawn and he fired 7 more shots and my friend died

[Hook x2]


Yeah
Ten toes to the ground
Yeah

Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening
No Promethazine I’m a king, no leaning
I got a better way to fight these demons
Fuck do you know ‘bout my pain? Blaow
Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening
No Promethazine I’m a king, no leaning
I got a better way to fight them demons
Fuck do you know ‘bout my pain?

If I quote it nigga, I wrote it nigga
Six head shots, I’ll erode a nigga
Pop another clip and I'm reloaded nigga
Ain’t no way around it, I’m the coldest nigga
Do a nigga dirty life's a coal, my nigga
Get you cleaned up then I fold you nigga
Shout out to the haters who promote a nigga
Flow hot, whip cold, I’m bipolar nigga
But I don’t like to talk about a Rover nigga
Keep this shit a hundred, I just sold it nigga
Tired of police looking at me like I stole it nigga
Probably just gonna cop a lil Corolla nigga
Don’t need a rollie on to know I’m getting older nigga
Dreamville going way up like a floater nigga
Couple hands out like I owe them niggas
Where was you when the Civic was getting towed my nigga?
No snakes in the grass cause I mowed it nigga

Fuck do you know ‘bout my pain?
(Right there let me get that there)
Fuck do you know ‘bout my dreams?
Nada
(If you really believe it, gotta talk about it
You heard about what happens when you talk about it
Niggas lookin’ at you funny when they start to doubt it
Fucking up your energy when you start to doubt it too)
Rollercoaster ride
(Start to doubt it too)
How much do it cost?
(Start to doubt it)
If I take a ride, fuck around get lost
(Shoutout my nigga Ib)
Rollercoaster ride, how much do it cost?
(El Presidente and shit)
(He want me to talk my shit for y'all)
If I take a ride, fuck around get lost

Cole world you should stay off this dick
I sold out the Garden, I should play for the Knicks
Took a couple minutes and I sold out staples
A nigga getting cream like an old ass Laker
But I ain’t coming to talk about all that paper
That’s what they talk about when they ain’t got shit to say
Can’t understand why niggas never got shit to do
You know the saying, same shit nigga, different day
I never felt that, no way
Cause on the same day a nigga doing different shit
Spit different flows hit different chicks
Let my Brixton hoes feed me fish and chips
Why I do a lot of shows? I’m the shit, that’s it
Got suicidal doors, I just slit my wrists
Never stingy with the hoes word to Cliff and Chris
So if I fuck six bitches I got six assists nigga
The flow sick as shit, catch ebola if you bit this shit
I never take, I invent the shit then flip the shit
Then lick the shit, and bit the shit back twice, I’m that nice, woo
What’s the plan?
Cole keeps snapping like a Mustard jam
Got a middle finger for Uncle Sam
I done paid so much taxes I can fund Japan
But instead they make a young nigga fund the man
Same man that keep a young nigga under, damn
I just cocked back nigga and my gun don’t jam
On a scale from one to ten I’m a hundred grand

It's Cole fuckin’ world nigga
Dreamville in this motherfucker, Top Dawg in this motherfucker
"When you and K. Dot shit dropping?"
Bitch never, they can’t handle two Black niggas this clever
But this February, bet shit get scary when I fuck around and drop...


[J. Cole:]
Yeah, caged bird
Something like a caged bird
Caged bird
Yeah, look

You ain't a man till you stop chasing your friends, my nigga
Think for yourself, make your own plans, my nigga
I'll be lying if I said I ain't understand, my nigga
Cause who you gon' follow when the leaders all get swallowed
By reefer clouds and bottles
In and out of county jail
This is hell, see the young black males in packed cells
With they heads down
And they fists clenched tight
Thinking "I could bust a hole through this wall
And bitch I just might"
It's just like the caged bird I sing a song
Hoping they open up these bars and send a nigga home
I cry when I'm alone
I'm wondering why would God send me here
Knowing that they hate us
Knowing that they make us feel like we evil so we kill our people
Without a second thought, in every lesson taught by OGs
We full of real nigga wisdom, so we proceed
Like real niggas who been stripped of our humanity
I see the judge's eyes, I know that he ain't understanding me

A caged bird (Yeah, a caged bird)
(Let this little caged bird sing) Caged bird
Yeah, caged bird
Freedom's just an illusion, that's my conclusion
And if it ain't, then how my niggas keep on losin' theirs?
This goes out to childhood friends that's doin' years
Prison tats on they backs like souvenirs
We wish that you was here
A mother's tear spilled on this page
A brother's tear spilled on this page
How many days left?
And can you find peace when you released
Still filled up wit' rage
Back on the streets just to peep that you still in the cage

[Omen:]
Well, it's the oratory vet
Turned down king slash poet laureate
Used to paint a picture with a story of neglect
I could've been a shorty drinking 40s on the steps
With a shorty on my lap
With a shorty on the way coming shortly to protect
I could've been a dealer in the party with the X
But I'm hardly in the mix and I partially confess
I definitely got a couple parts in me that I regret
Is the cup half-empty or is it half-full?
I fill mine up with Hennessy, then get back to him
I'm just a jazz musician trapped in a rap form
You think you standing for something you on a trap door
Well it's the, Mr. Introspective
I'm a dreamers dream, a sort of an inception
I never fiend for the scene but I dreamed of the things
That a Mercedes brings, like slow sex with fast women
Drinking cognac I'm past grinning
A sexy dress, fat ass in it
But still hit it till I'm half-winded
Cause niggas tell me I'm the shit
Well I be hitting all these dimes
See I'm caged by the visions of the blind
I started as a king
Turned to a slave
Put us in our chains
We was forced to entertain
Thinking bout the present day I'm living off the stage
Wonder if a nigga ever get up out this cage
As I sing

[J. Cole:]
A caged bird (Yeah, a caged bird)
(Let this little caged bird sing) Caged bird
Yeah, caged bird
Freedom's just an illusion, that's my conclusion
And if it ain't, then how my niggas keep on losin' theirs?
This goes out to childhood friends that's doin' years
Prison tats on they backs like souvenirs
We wish that you was here
A mother's tear spilled on this page
A brother's tear spilled on this page
How many days left?
And can you find peace when you released
Still filled up wit' rage
Back on the streets just to peep that you still in the cage


[Chorus]
Even through the joy I feel the pain
Even in the sun I feel the rain
Even when I'm high I feel the lows
Like that's all I know
And lord knows I can't complain
But even when I do it feels the same
I'm getting high just to fight the lows
Cause that's all I know

[Verse 1]
Yeah school girl, cool girl
Your dress is sexy and your momma is a cougar
So she let you do the grown folk's thing
Let you hang with them boys and they play you like a fool girl
You got your new hair, it looks so good
You write the same nigga's name in your notebook
You know the same one from class, the one you let smash
Now you see him round school and he won't look
Now girl you is fine, ain't no doubt about it
But why else you think he hit it and forgot about it
That's cause your mind don't match with your ass got
But cheer up you gotta be your own mascot
You see you're looking for a man like you need somebody
Get your ass off of Twitter you could be somebody
A doctor, a rock star, baby live life
But you'd rather wet up all your pillows all night thinking

[Chorus]
Even through the joy I feel the pain
Even in the sun I feel the rain
Even when I'm high I feel the lows
Like that's all I know
And lord knows I can't complain
But even when I do it feels the same
I'm getting high just to fight the lows
Cause that's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I
Ay cheer up
And lil mama cheer up
You got your whole life to live
Ay why you wanna tear up
Don't let them little boys... when they try to push up
Hey, hey

[Verse 2]
Yeah, I wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living should I blast myself
Don't even wanna get out the bed
I got the glock to my head feel I'd rather be dead
And am I hopeless, raised with rats and roaches
Never liked the teachers, couldn't stand my coaches
Ask what's the matter but you can't relate
Living a life that you hate but you can't escape
Feel like I'm stuck here
That's why I don't give a fuck here
There's no luck here, nobody to trust here
My own mother yeah I love her but things I heard as a child under my covers
Left me with scars it was hard to see her suffer
Ducking my heart and I don't know if I'll recover
I'm going under and as I'm headed out the front door
She say she proud of me and I wonder what for
And once more

[Chorus]
Even through the joy I feel the pain
Even in the sun I feel the rain
Even when I'm high I feel the lows
Like that's all I know
And lord knows I can't complain
But even when I do it feels the same
I'm getting high just to fight the lows
Cause that's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I know
It's all I
Ay cheer up
And lil mama cheer up
You got your whole life to live
Ay why you wanna tear up
Don't let them little boys... when they try to push up
Hey, hey...


It took me all day to find some inspiration
It just hit me like a ton of bricks no renovation
Problem with the game now, there ain't no innovation
I see my shit all in your shit, we call that imitation
And they say that's flattering but I ain't flattered at all
Matter fact y'all need to practice that more
See my man Nate, ask me if I gain weight, I said nah
My pockets got fatter, that's all
Money was an issue but now that that's solved, I ball, I ball
Like Kobe in the fall
Put trophies on my wall, rather trophies on my man
And dog, my shows be off the handle
Take the proceeds, go to gamble, ha
Bet it all black, and pray I quadruple my salary
If I win maybe then I can pay Sallie Mae
Told her I be dealing with some real life shit
She be asking when, bitch, when I feel like it
Cole World, Cole life, Cole blooded
I be on my shit and look at all the hoes love it
Got a hundred fifty bitches in the club staring at me
How that feel? Very happy

Cole World, Boy, check the degree's
These lil niggas is trash go and get the Febreeze
That's why I blew up on you sucka's all that's left is debris
One soldier's all that's left is fatigues
Act like you know me boy, I'm Kobe
How the fuck you gon step in my league
Rapping bout bullshit, your message fatigue
Played out, phoney nigga probably only got arrested for weed
And out here talking that dime shit
Dom Perignon shit
Not gon cut it like some scissors on my lawn shit
Grown cause I own shit
This is what you won't get
Game so cold, bring the blizzard to the Palms
I'm a wizard, I'm a don and I put this on my mom
I'm offended, I'm appalled
If y'all ain't bowing
Claim you a monster but y'all ain't growling
Claim you a beast, why y'all ain't howling?
'Bout as sweet as a jumper on the gay Ray Allen
I'm 'bout fucking hoes like Ray J wylin'
Killin' niggas like K K K violence
I guess it's why they pay homage
Momma I'mma be BIG and I put that on the late great Wallace
Christopher, check my temperature, nigga my integers..
Whatever man..

Alone in my zone, tell me don't it sound stunning
Been fucked the world but she just now cummin'
If I ever fell off I would hit the ground runnin'
I ain't never been the one for fourth down puntin'
Aiming at a couple heads, bitch I'm crown huntin'
Red dots cause a nigga dread locks
So I lock pick just to lock shit back
I want Money, Power, Respect since the Lox said that
Better stay up on your toes, this is not tic tac
Yet, I'm a breath of fresh air, you can place your bets here
Ballin' like a Laker you should pray for next year
Cause I'm repeating and I'm 3-peatin'
And I'm knee deep in the game its quick sand and I keep leakin'
The label heat seekin', nigga ain't sign me, what the fuck was he thinkin'
They say I killed the game, that was only pre-season

I'm heavy
I'm Heavy

Man, I'm already hot, you can say I'm pre-heated
If money talks, mine telling your's "be seated"
Cut my leg off I wouldn't be defeated
Illest nigga in the game bitch and you can retweet it
Email the shit make sure you CC it
For these fuck niggas who don't wanna believe it
I be in the airport damn near bare foot
Security hollin' out, Cole we need it
Getting high as fuck and I don't even be weeded
No point drinkin' I can't even be faded
Real recognise real like they related
You ain't no fucking G boy, your style G-Rated
Hatred is flattery I'm glad to be hated
Fuckin' bad bitches that would rather be dated
Carolina niggas just happy he made it
My money was running late now, now it's happy belated
I'm heavy, nigga I'm heavy


[J.Cole]
(Cole World)

[Verse 1]
Easy or hard way
Now you can choose the easy or hard way
Cole took the long way
A loser hardly I moved up to Broadway
With night time to broad day
Pregame to foreplay
Used to cruise up to Bojangles
In R Jay’s lil Hyundai
Little bottle of that E&J
Liquor all in my DNA
Shout out NC ANT where I found that TNA
Ain’t seen me at the VMA
Nigga like me wasn’t nominated
One month later fuck a hater
Nigga like me done dominated
Wanna ride to the top
Then roll with me baby
They was waitin’ on me to drop
Like hov and B baby
Went from crappin’ in diapers
To rappin’ in cyphers
To doing more numbers
Then all them fuckin’ lifers in Rikers
You see life is just like a box of chocolates
Never know what you ’bout to get
Take a bite rock wit it
And I love a bad bitch with confidence
Your smile nice yo style right
And girl you got some mean thighs
So this right here is mean time
In between time
Cole World

[Hook]
Girl I know how much you really want somebody
Want somebody that don’t really need you
Girl I know how much you really want somebody
Want somebody that ain’t trying to keep
You heard what I said, that could put you to bed
That ain’t tryin’ to love you baby, just fuck you instead
And don’t tell ‘em nothing baby, you know that I’m comin’ baby
Just hit up my phone whenever you need you some company
Got this drank in my cup, oh yeah
I got this drank in my cup
I got this drank in my cup, cup, cup

[Kirko Bangz]
I done came down, came up
Slow pitch, change up
Same hood, same style, same drink, same cup
She call me when she wanna fuck
I never call, she knows what’s up
Same page, same book, different song, same hook
Everytime her nigga trippin’, she on the phone with the same crook
And everytime I pull up, she hit me with that same look
Lips bitin’, hips right
She left her man for that get right
I’m in the middle, like midnight
Only if you got that sit tight
Only if you got that wine fine
Only if you got that sip type
Only if you got that mine bomb
Only if you got that sip type
Eat that shit like wonton
Jokin’ baby, I’m pimp tight
I’m used to bein’ that one and done
But girl you got that g-get right

[Hook]
Girl I know how much you really want somebody
Want somebody that don’t really need you
Girl I know how much you really want somebody
Want somebody that ain’t trying to keep
You heard what I said, that could put you to bed
That ain’t tryin’ to love you baby, just fuck you instead
And don’t tell ‘em nothing baby, you know that I’m comin’ baby
Just hit up my phone whenever you need you some company
Got this drank in my cup, oh yeah
I got this drank in my cup
I got this drank in my cup, cup, cup

H-town, oh yeah, I got this drink in my cup
I got this drink in my cup
I came down, hold up, hold up, I said hold up
Hold up, I done came down like hold up
Hold up, hold up, fuck, ‘chea


Yeah, we back
Back in Muhammad crib, nigga, top floor
The back room with just the one little small window, nigga
The light be comin' through it in the morning
Old ass walls and shit
But it's just like I remember, just like I wanted it
Yeah, I'm workin'
Yeah, I'm workin', nigga

Look, it's the return of the Mr. Burn Suckers
Not herpes infested, just perfectly blessed with
A style that you can't F with, protection recommended
'Cause Cole the definition of a weapon that can end it
You know, mass destruction when I mash the button
I take your favorite major rapper, left him independent
Crying in the corner, 'cause I ain't into sorta
Kinda, dissin' niggas
I'm borderline addicted to slaughter
Line up niggas in order
Of who you think can really fuck with me most
Then I tuck the heat close, if he don't duck then he ghost
Ain't no need for discussion
If they weren't talking 'bout the bread, these motherfuckers be toast
Clap at the fake deep rappers
The OG gatekeep rappers
The would-you-take-a-break-please rappers
Bunch of words and ain't sayin' shit, I hate these rappers
Especially the amateur eight week rappers
Lil' whatever, just another short bus rapper
Fake drug dealers turn tour bus trappers
Napoleon complex, you this tall rappers
Get exposed standin' next to 6'4" rappers
The streets don't fuck with you, you Pitchfork rappers
Chosen by the white man, you hipstor rappers
I reload the clip, then I hit more rappers with that
Straight shittin' on these piss-poor rappers, I'm back
Never knew a nigga that was better
Revenue, I'm good at gettin' cheddar
Reminisce on days I didn't eat
If it's meant to be, then it'll be
If it's not, then fuck it, I'ma try
Ain't no need to ask the Father why, no
'Cause one day everybody gotta die
One day everybody gotta die, oh
One day everybody gotta die
One day everybody gotta die, my nigga, my nigga


Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this

Yeah, life is a balance
You lose your grip, you can slip into an abyss
No doubt you see these niggas trippin'
Ego in charge of every move, he's a star
And we can't look away
Due to the days that he caught our hearts
He's fallin' apart, but we deny it
Justifying that half-ass shit he dropped, we always buy it
When he tell us he a genius but it's clearer lately
It's been hard for him to look into the mirror lately
There was a time when this nigga was my hero, maybe
That's the reason why his fall from grace is hard to take
'Cause I believed him when he said his shit was purer and he
The type of nigga swear he real but all around him's fake
The women, the dickriders, you know, the yes men
Nobody with the balls to say somethin' to contest him
So he grows out of control
Into the person that he truly was all along, it's startin' to show
Damn, wonder what happened
Maybe it's my fault for idolizing niggas
Based off the words they be rappin'
But come to find out, these niggas don't even write they shit
Hear some new style bubblin' up, then they bite the shit
Damn, that's what I get for lyin' to myself
Well, fuck it, what's more important is he's cryin' out for help
While the world's eggin' him on, I'm beggin' him to stop
And playin' his old shit, knowin' he won't top it, false prophets

Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
False prophets (La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la…)
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Yeah, false prophets

I got a homie, he a rapper and he wanna win bad
He want the fame, the acclaim, the respect that's been had
By all the legends, so every time I see him, he stressin'
Talkin' 'bout, niggas don't fuck with him, the shit is depressin'
And I know he so bitter he can't see his own blessings
Goddamn, nigga, you too blind to see you got fans, nigga
And a platform to make a classic rap song
To change a nigga's life, but you too anxious livin' life
Always worried 'bout the critics who ain't ever fuckin' did it
I write what's in my heart, don't give a fuck who fuckin' with it
But in a sense I can relate, the need to be great
Turns into an obsession and keeps a nigga up late
Writin' words, hopin' people observe the dedication
That stirs in you constantly, but intentions get blurred
Do I do it for the love of the music or is there more to me?
Do I want these niggas to worship me? False prophets

Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
False prophets (La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la…)
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Yeah, false prophets

These rappers insecure
They talk about being a man so much
I finally understand that they ain't even sure
'Bout who they are and why they do this
Guess I'm included in that category
As a nigga who done had the glory
My highest moments come from tellin' all the saddest stories
I've seen in my life, I be fiendin' to write
Songs that raise the hair on my arms
My lowest moments came from tryin' too hard
To impress some niggas that couldn't care if I'm on
Therefore from here on out, my hair grow out
I care nothin' bout opinions
I wanna give hope like the fountains you throw pennies in
Hit the store, take your diss, make your wish
This is dedicated to the ones
Who listen to me on some faithful shit
I'm on some thankful shit
But the real god is in you, not the music you coppin'
I hear my old shit and I know I can top it; false prophets

Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
False prophets (La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la…)
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Be like this, be like this
Somebody shoulda told me it would be like this
Yeah, false prophets


Yeah, yeah
Higher, higher
Yeah, yeah, yeah
(Revenge)

Now I could be the change that I wanna see
I can heal the world for real if a nigga speaking honestly
Nat Turner in my past life
Bob Marley in my last life, back again
Look in to the eyes of a young nigga who survive against all the odds
Look into the eyes of a young nigga who's surprised to be alive
I died 5 years ago
The game snatch a nigga’s spirit yo
My resurrection was a miracle
Cause still I rise, it's ill-advised to bet against him
Raised in hell but heaven sent 'em, let 'em diss 'em
Some niggas can't handle the truth
Some niggas don't know they're slaves
I forgive 'em cause I know their ways
They see a black man shine, first thing they do is throw their shade
Word, errr
I swerve like a Thunderbird on a curb
Where the cops pursuing, I'm not just doing it
Niggas hate like if I make it ain't a spot for you in it
Have to save the rap game cause I watched them ruin it
So you can take my cock and chew on it
Cock sucker I'm a blockbuster
Motion picture, flows consist of potent scripture
Known to rip a hole through them so-called dopest niggas
Snatch your soul and pose for pictures, holding it
Revenge of the Dreamers, so vindictive
Been back for more, that whack shit's over with
For you niggas sleeping this is Folgers Crystals, wow
In the form of a loaded pistol
Bullets rude, they don't even say "hello", just kiss you, Blaow
Burn in hell with a coat that fits you
When you see the devil you can tell him Cole just sent you now

Yeah, yeah
Higher, higher
Yeah, yeah
Higher
Now I can be around, shit, whenever you want
I can be around, shit, whenever you need
Fuck with a nigga, we can touch the stars
Trust in a nigga, you can count on me
I can come around, shit, whenever you want
I can come around, shit, whenever you need
Fuck with a nigga, we can touch the stars
Trust in a nigga, you can count on me
Me, me, me, me, me, me

Revenge


[J. Cole - Verse 1]
Strictly for the survivors
The 800 number dodgers
Boy, what I tell ya ass bout picking up that phone
When the number unknown
Tell them people I ain't home
Half black learning white lies
Niggas broke her heart now she trying white guys
Too ashamed to bring around cause her homegirls’ll clown like
“Girl I ain't know you like ‘em bitesize”
She embarrassed now
On edge cause she gotta meet his parents now
They probably think I’m no good for ‘em
Too dark, too thick, too hood for ‘em
Now she sitting at the dinner table wondering what I’m doing here
They got me feeling like a job interview in here
They asking questions about a 5 year plan
She saying “who I’m foolin’, they could never understand”
They could never understand

[Amber of Dirty Projectors]
Look at me
I Just can’t believe
What they’ve done to me
We could never get free
I just wanna be (I just wanna be)
Look at me
I Just can’t believe
What they’ve done to me
We could never get free
I just wanna be
I just wanna dream

[J. Cole - Verse 2]
(Fuck is that smell)
I smell bullshit, it must be an election year
The more I listen man the more you sound less sincere
Still I’m wathcing CNN tryna keep up
In my interviews maybe I should speak up
Tell the world how I feel like you lying all the time
And keep ‘em niggas walking blind all the time
But the same niggas think I’m fucking dimes all the time
Like I'm walking round with money on my mind all the time
And I feed into it
I’d rather make tracks where I bleed into it
The singles only the look to sell these niggas the book
I can only pray that one day you’ll read into it
If not, fuck it, I got my own problems
Fuck ya beats nigga I produce my own albums
I zone out, that old sound that I’ve grown out of
Was born out of being broke with hope
But it don’t matter I’m on Saturn now and I won’t shatter
As long as this blood grows in my bone marrow I’m gonna gather my thoughts
As sharp as a bow and arrow
Back when I had no dough and no apparrel
My flow’s thorough, now I’m more aware of the perils a nigga face
Loaded pistols with nickle plates, the nigga fake
That's why I call the shit a race
Tha gony of defeat, wish the elite could get a taste

[Chorus]
Look at me
I Just can’t believe
What they’ve done to me
We could never get free
I just wanna be (I just wanna be)
Look at me
I Just can’t believe
What they’ve done to me
We could never get free
I just wanna be
I just wanna dream

[Amber of Dirty Projectors]
We’re all together in the same boat
I know you, you know me
Baby, you know me
We’re all together in the same boat
I know you, you know me
Baby, you know me
We’re all together in the same boat
I know you, you know me
Baby, you know me
I Just wanna dream
I Just wanna dream
I Just wanna dream
Baby, you know me


[Verse 1]
Nigga I grew up fast, then blew up fast,
Money falling out my pockets, I got too much cash,
Can’t fit nothing in her pockets, she got too much ass
Like, god damn, well if you must ask,
We from the school of hard knocks, but your crew cut class,
Half white but don’t think I gotta Ku Klux past
When I’m up in the V, police be fucking with me,
No sir, no license, all I got here is this fucking degree,
Move along cock-sucker, ain’t got nothing to see,
‘less you talking blockbuster, you niggas in not Russell
You more Diggy, Me, I’m more Biggie
No diss to the young boy, I’m just rapping, get bored quickly
Just to make up for that line, invite him on tour with me
Show him the game, let him finagle these whores with me
Run through their doors with me, hit the Ritz Carlton for the night
Leave ‘em there two dykes, probably change a niggas life, right?
Wattup Vanessa? I loved you that one semester
Thanks to my profession I ball’d like uncle Festor
Thinkin’ about the board I used to have above the dresser
Half the shit I wrote down. I did it, it’s old now
Got, new goals, plus my money on Manute Bol
Funny how my old highs is suddenly my new lows
Tired of every chick saying she models before she swallows
So I only fuck with hat tricks, bitches with a few goals

[Verse 2]
Look, look
Not even slightly interested in what ya opinion is
I gotta greater purpose than a hater purpose
Imma stack paper, hustle just to relax later
Serve niggas and bring changes that’s a waiter purpose
Look how I made them nervous
Niggas is shakin’ I know they fakin’
Ok, you a killer, right,
And ms. Cleo’s Jamaican, and Bob Marley is Haitian
And me and Beyonce datin’ and Jesus Christ be hatin
But got mad love from Satan, for fucking Sanaa Lathan
While Meagan Good is waitin’
I’m the dead beat father of your little brother
In other words, god damnit, I’m a bad mother fucker
It’s Cole, it’s only right I brought back the soul
Yall got way too electro, damn near techno
Half-way homo, way too metro
Hennessy XO, Cole flows best yo
Style like Tribe Called Quest meets Death Row
Learn something boy, grow your ass up
Cheap nigga, if you was liquor, I’d probably throw your ass up
Matter fact, if you was grass, I’d probably mow your ass up
Last call for you old niggas gon’ pour your last cup
It’s Cole!


I'm working on dying
Yeah, yeah
(Gotta have a space) Yeah (Gotta have a space)
Know what I mean?
She belong to the streets
Freedom, know what I mean?
Uh (Space to get this shit off)
Yeah
Yeah (Get this shit off my mind, off my chest)
Yeah (Know what I mean?)
Yeah

With every record I be asking the masses to tune your hearts to me
I represent intelligent niggas that grew up harshly
But lately I've been questioning, second guessing, whether or not I've got something to offer since I done eluded poverty
Or has the money watered me down, that truth is hard for me
Like the second time I got cut from the junior varsity
Fightin' back tears, I promised to switch gears
And said to myself "Whatever you do, you won't do it partially"
From this day forward, I move with a new ferocity
Ferrari coupe velocity, a fail proof philosophy
Success is in the effort, so if a nigga tried his hardest
I'm at peace knowing God ain't deal it in this group of cards for me
Some people say that I'm running third, they threw the bronze at me
Behind Drake and Dot, yeah, them niggas is superstars to me
Maybe deep down, I'm afraid of my luminosity
So when you see me on red carpets, I'm movin' awkwardly
Posin' all nervous, afraid of the judgement
And the thought of showin' too much of my day is repugnant
I be keepin' my kids away from the gaze of the public
'Cause these days, it feel like hate is they favorite subject
Fuck it, attitude like a young O'Shea with a AK
Aimed at your brain, violate, and I bust it
I don't play when it come to family, that's one thing I refuse
Pimpin' they kids out for views to just to be in the news
Could never be me, I piss in the celebrity tea
God with me on this record, this is Heaven's EP
The tales official, the best nigga breathing, it just failed to hit you
You couldn't tell 'cause you fell for the bells and whistles
And that's an area I don't excel
I'm from the 'Ville where young girls talk grown as hell
That's raw, never saw one person go to Yale
But every nigga that I know done gone to jail
At least once, provin' we the ones police hunt
For the pains, we smoke three blunts the size of tree trunks
Too much hunger, it's no wonder these niggas can't keep up
So saying "Yes" to a feature just means I'm 'bout to eat lunch, bitch
I'm goin' for it, no never shall he punt
I'm the one and you can be sure, speaking of beachfront
I'm kickin' my feet up while I write this in somewhere tropical
Supposed to be relaxin', this passion makes that impossible, mm

Supposed to be relaxin', this passion makes that impossible


This is called being high as shit, for hours
That's the name of this song, nigga
"High as Shit for Hours"
Here we go, yeah

American hypocrisy, oh, let me count the ways
They came here seekin' freedom
Then they end up ownin' slaves
Justified it usin' Christianity which saves
Religion don't mean shit, there's too much ego in the way
That's why ISIS is a crisis
But in reality this country do the same shit
Take a life and call it righteous
Remember when Bin Laden got killed, supposedly?
In a hotel lobby after a show, was noticin'
These white ladies watchin' CNN, coverin' the action
They read the headline and then they all started clappin'
As if LeBron had just scored a basket at the buzzer
I stood there for a second
Watched them high-five each other
For real? I thought this was "Thou shalt not kill"
But police still lettin' off on niggas in the Ville
Claimin' that he reached for a gun
They really think we dumb and got a death wish
Now somebody's son is layin' breathless
When I was a little boy my father lived in Texas
Pulled up in Toyota, drove that bitch like it was Lexus
Put my bag in his trunk and headed off for Dallas
Out there for the summer, feelin' just like I was Alice
Lost in the Wonderland where niggas still sufferin'
Just like they was back home, and that's wrong
So now it's "Fuck the government!"
They see my niggas strugglin'
And they don't give a fuck at all, and that's wrong, yeah

The type of shit that make you wanna
The type of shit that make you wanna let go
The type of shit that make you wanna
The type of shit that make you wanna let go

I had a convo with the President, I paid to go and see him
Thinkin' about the things I said I'd say when I would see him
Feelin' nervous, sittin' in a room full of white folks
Thinkin' about the black man plight, think I might choke
Nope, raised my hand and asked a man a question
Does he see the struggle of his brothers in oppression?
And if so, if you got all the power in the clout
As the President, what's keepin' you from helpin' niggas out?
Well, I didn't say "nigga," but you catch my drift
He looked me in my eyes and spoke and he was rather swift
He broke the issues down
And showed me he was well-aware
I got the vibe he was sincere and that the brother cared
But dawg, you in the chair, what's the hold up?
He said, "There's things that I wanna fix
But you know this shit, nigga: politics."
Don't stop fightin' and don't stop believin'
You can make the world better
For your kids before you leave it
Change is slow, always has been, always will be
But fuck that, I'ma bust back 'til they kill me
Change is slow, always has been, always will be
But fuck that, I'ma bust back until they kill me, feel me?

The type of shit that make you wanna (Aight, third verse)
The type of shit that make you wanna let go
The type of shit that make you wanna
The type of shit that make you wanna let go

Here's a thought for my revolutionary heart
Take a deeper look at history, it's there to pick apart
See, the people at the top
They get to do just what they want
'Til after a while the people at the bottom finally get smart
Then they start to holla "Revolution!"
Tired of livin' here, destitution
Fuck that lootin'! Can you tell me what's the best solution?
I used to think it was to overthrow oppressors, see
If we destroy the system, that means we'll have less of greed
But see, it's not that simple
I got to thinkin' about the history of human nature
While this instrumental played
Then I realized somethin' that made
Me wonder if revolution was really ever the way
Before you trip and throw a fit over these words I say
Think about this shit for a second, you heard the way
The children in abusive households grow up
Knockin' girlfriends out cold, that's called a cycle
Abused becomes the abuser and that's just how life go
So understand
You get the power, but you know what power does to man?
Corruption always leads us to the same shit again
So when you talk 'bout revolution
Dawg, I hear just what you sayin'
What good is takin' over
When we know what you gon' do?
The only real revolution happens right inside of you
I said, what good is takin' over
When we know what you gon' do?
The only real revolution happens right inside of you, nigga

The type of shit that make you wanna
(High for hours, nigga)
The type of shit that make you wanna let go (Volume one)
The type of shit that make you wanna
The type of shit that make you wanna let go


[Verse 1]
Yea, I’m a fool, hundred thousand for the jewels
Last year we killed the game and left y’all browsing for the clues
Old niggas out here search for that fountain of the youth
Money talks and hoes say its an arousing point of view
Don’t make me act a fool like Malcom before the suit
How could you justify, I testified up in this booth?
And then, throughout the years, spilled tears and shared truths
Somehow they love a nigga better when he talk about his loot
Chain like a kelidescope, see life through a wider scope
Therefore, I know this necklace really represents a noose
Still I hit the jeweler how much racks to make me cooler
I just play the game homie, I ain’t make the rules up
Started from the bottom same way you lace your shoes up
So if I’m blowing cake, blame it on the place I grew up
Where niggas had nothing but dreams and television
Got no plans of seeing hell or prision
You can tell I’m living, right?
Never said I’m living right

[Hook]
And they like
Boy you a fool [x3]
And they like [x3]
Boy you a fool, Boy you a fool
And they like, And they like

[Verse 2]
I’m a fool, hundred thou to go to school
So much debt left me and my mama damn near drowning in a pool
First to go to college, they say knowledge is a tool
But these hoes on campus make a young nigga drool
So we party, skip class, get ass and talk cool
Meanwhile, she back home working hard I use that as my fuel
So I finally graduated but I’m sad to say that
I ain’t learn a fucking thing except the game and how to play it
I’m a fool, no scuffs on my shoes
No cuts I don’t bruise, so fuck y’all reviews
She told me Cole I love you roll with you way before the riches
But you way too educated to be calling women bitch and calling brothas niggas
Pardon if I cross a line but all this time
Knew you was different than all them other niggas
I responded to her “please don’t put me on a pedestal
Cuz I know better and I’m still a fool”

[Hook]


[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm coming home
I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming home
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes
I'm coming home, I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming

[J. Cole:]
Back where I belong
I've never felt so strong eh
Feeling like there's nothing that I can't try
And if you feel me put your hands high, high, high, hey
And if you feel me put your hands high, high, hey

[J. Cole:]
This is my story this is my song
If you ain't got the heart, don't attempt to try this at home
It's just a poem from a man once living wrong
Now I'm in the zone, tell the World I'm coming home
Been a long time coming, been a long time coming
This song feel like the greatest of all time coming
Cause I do it B-I-G, I remember we would be high
Who'd have thought we'd be running rap when we was knee high
To appreciate the sun you gotta know what rain is
Or cause I'm famous you don't think I know what pain is
But I bounce back, would ya look at that
I take my spot at the top and I ain't looking back

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
I'm coming home
I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming home
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes
I'm coming home, I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming

[J. Cole:]
Hey, confusion like I was losing my mind
But one thing I never lose is my grind
My closet need a lot of cleaning now
I can't sleep cause I dont like the sh-t I dream about
Hey Dear Lord please help me get the demons out
And then help me get my genius out
And get back to what I had
If my good's outweigh my bads, do you think my mistakes is gon even out (even out)
I guess try and see, it's on my diary, I'm living for my kids
Now they is just as fly as me
Talk well, wonder if Andre Harrell knew how great I would be when he fired me

[Chorus x2 - Skylar Grey:]
I'm coming home
I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming home
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes
I'm coming home, I'm coming home
Tell the World I'm coming…home


Yeah, my God, Science

[Chorus:]
Lord I’ve been dreaming about the paper
I want it all
I wanna shine, I wanna ball
I want the whip with the suicide doors
this is my life homie, you decide yours
I’ve been dreaming about the paper
I want it all
I wanna shine, I wanna ball
I want the whip with the suicide doors
this is my life homie, you decide yours

Man, man I’m on it, I’m on it
get on my level I’m hot like, I’ve been dancing with the devil man
I’m on it, uh uh I’m on it
so in case you aint heard, observe

I’m bringing that fire, you know that flame throw
I’m getting you high, I spittin’ that brown sugar that DeAnglo
just look in the sky
a nigga so fly I’m up here touching rainbow’s
aint making it rain though
no don’t be silly mama, I’m no pinata
letting my paper fall, no way
but if you feeling it, you can take it all and show me
don’t fight the feeling mama
not Jeffrey Dahmer but your body is a killer mama
I’m tryna rock that ass to sleep like pyjamas

I’ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot
my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox
haters wish they could, bitch, I’m bad meaning good
I live my life like you should cause...

Man, man I’m on it, I’m on it
get on my level I’m hot like, I’ve been dancing with the devil man
I’m on it, uh uh I’m on it
so in case you aint heard, observe

And I’m back with that flame, I got that flow that’ll blow your brain
they calling me Cole yeah thats my name
and just like Martin I know that pain
no novacaine and wont complain never
but spit it so hot whenever I drop a verse I change weather
now hey badder I’m dropping that Floyd Mayweather or rather Lebron james
rather so much better than these featherweight rappers I’m ahead of my time
and never pressing rewind
now watch me shine,

I’ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot
my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox
haters wish they could, bitch, I’m bad meaning good
I live my life like you should cause...

Man, man I’m on it, I’m on it
get on my level I’m hot like, I’ve been dancing with the devil man
I’m on it, uh uh I’m on it
so in case you aint heard, observe

(Watch me shine)
Big plans
(Watch me shine)
Big things
(Watch me shine)
Big money
(Watch me shine)
Big dreams
(Watch me shine)
Big crib
(Watch me shine)
Big screen
(Watch me shine)

I’m tryna shine like
(Watch me shine)

I’m on it, uh uh I’m on it man I’m on it, I’m so on it

I’ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot
my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox
haters wish they could, bitch, I’m bad meaning good
I live my life like you should cause...

Man, man I’m on it, I’m on it
get on my level I’m hot like, I’ve been dancing with the devil man
I’m on it, uh uh I’m on it
so in case you aint heard, observe


[Chorus]
Uh, yeah
I said it won’t be long (no)
‘fore we out here baby
Gotta get you up out here baby
Said it won’t be long
‘fore we out here baby
We up out here baby

[J. Cole Verse 1]
I say a prayer and look up in the sky
Thank God even though a n-gga headed to this tired day job
Will my eyes stay wide
Still I know I’m gonna blow
This is music for my n-ggas cause I know you want more
Cause that old sh-t fake and this new sh-t real
J Cole not Jay witness that Blueprint feel
Hey Cole is you crazy thats some big boots to fill
Yeah straight out the Ville and the shoes fit well
Same heaven same hell
Same n-ggas get killed
Knew every detail still never would tell
Scared of the repercussion
Scared of them people bussin
Bullets be hittin’ n-gga’s you swear they could be percussion
N-ggas be holding triggers before they could read instructions
Oh God, never did our fathers teach us nothing
No law, but became a man on my own
Showed my momma I could stand on my own

[Chorus]
Uh, yeah
I said it won’t be long (no)
‘fore we out here baby
Gotta get you up out here baby
Said it won’t be long
‘fore we out here baby
We up out here baby

[J. Cole Verse 2]
Dear mama, your son hurting
Living in this cold World where n-ggas shun virgins
And praise hoes
As days go by shawty 19 years old
No clothes for her baby yet she stay so fly
Tell me why mamma do you cry
Is it cause you know my teacher be feeding me lies
Is it cause you know that Preacher is greedy inside
Cause racism is alive I see the disguise
Mamma I know it hurts
It hurts me to watch you go to work barely hanging on
Some rich man getting richer while you slaving for him
So whats the options for him
A young n-gga from the hood without a pops at home
Surrounded by no good
And soon no good becomes so good quick
A little drug money got him feeling so hood rich
Killing your hood with the same sh-t Ronald Reagon filled up your hood with
And it’s still in your hood sh-t
I’m feeling no good mamma
I’m sick of my soul
Is there a better life for us I just sit and I hope
I just hope and I pray
It’ll change one day I’ll make a change one way
And mamma I can fly you out this cold World
This cold life, it’s all wrong
There’s no right
Its hard to see the good when there’s no light
Just grrab onto me, trust me hold tight!

[Chorus]
Uh, yeah
I said it won’t be long (no)
‘fore we out here baby
Gotta get you up out here baby
Said it won’t be long
‘fore we out here baby
We up out here baby


[Part I: "'93 'Til Infinity" by Souls of Mischief]

Yeah, rest assured
The best is here in the flesh, and that's for sure
The rest should wear 'em a vest, I'm set for war, nigga, press record
I send niggas to address the Lord
Same flow that put your neck to sword
The same flow that just undressed your whore
Takeover, nigga, check the score
This is chess, better check your board
Who gave the world more fire but got less reward?
No stress, my only guess is that less is more, more or less
Hundred G's in my dresser drawer, I'm blessed
Hope IRS don't arrest me for it, I'm new to it
My new crib got the Time Square view to it
While two bitches lay in my bed, I'm used to it
That's your best friend givin' me head, now you do it
See, mami? It's not so weird
After I hit, I cut you off like Picasso ear
Van Gogh or whoever, Goddamn, Cole, you're too clever
Like a fucking James Brown sample, you're two-ever
Times two, that's forever, more treble
Meanin' more high-end shit on your level
Put the fear of God in niggas, I'm pure Devil
Walkin' contradiction, my description
Off the top, magician, compositions nonfiction
Shitted in the competitions
Pot to piss in, gone, uh, so long, uh
Saturdays, a nigga used to mow lawns, uh
Nowadays a nigga be eatin' prawns
Fuck my bitch by the window, wave to the peeping Toms, ugh
Yes, I'm Carolina's finest
Southern nigga with New York stamps, honest
Out in Queens with the fiends, I'm your highness
Cole World, don't mistake it for a sinus—
Infection, at this point, I'm just flexin'
Bas is next in line, and the test is time
Play the game right, nigga, he gon' rest his mom
In the sands of Sudan where she rest her mind
And find peace, 'cause her son'll be fine
He got the city on his back, and I got him on mine
You think I'm lyin'? Shit, step one: got the 'Ville on map
Shit I predicted in my raps, I done did all that
Next, please, eat rappers, mm, check please
Here's a tip while niggas grip my testes
You wan' shoot? Then shoot, don't play with me
Hardest shit out the South since slavery, nigga
Hardest shit out the South since slavery, nigga

[Part II: "Still Tippin'" by Mike Jones]

Ugh, woke up this morning and wondered
"Hey, should I get fresh or should I keep it humble?"
My closet like Dover Street, used to be bummin'
Some days, I'm still bummin', the difference is now, it's by choice
Got dressed and peeped out the window, these lil' niggas different
They don't play Nintendo, they play with extendos
I hope you can limbo
That chopper gon' spin you around like a judge on The Voice
I'm from a city where most niggas never get lucky enough
To see somethin' outside county limits
I ran up the digits, I don't have no muh'fuckin' business
Complainin' about nothin'
Ain't got no time or no patience for lists they be makin'
Or who they debatin' is better
Let's face it, he one of the greatest
No Bill Cosby shit, but if niggas is sleepin', then fuck 'em
Most niggas don't understand me
I don't do the GRAMMYs, I be in my jammies on sofa
Most niggas don't understand me
Ferrari or Camry, I bet I look good in 'em both
Most niggas don't even get this
Cole, How you on top but you don't got no bitches? I know
Most niggas don't even get this
So given the chance, they trade family for riches, I know
Look at my ceilin', it's endless
I'm sick and these bitch niggas feelin' the sickness
It ain't enough vitamin C in they system to get rid of me
I'ma kill it relentless
On top, but I sound like I'm still in the trenches
I come from that 'Ville, I turn villains to victims
Reach and see "R.I.P." fill up your mentions
A message for niggas that's feelin' ambitious
How come a nigga still ain't hit his prime?
Ahh, you bitch, Off-Season comin' May 14th
Fuck all y'all niggas, it's over for you
I swear to God


[Intro]
Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's bein born
Same time my man is murdered, the beginning and end
As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain
My plateau, and also, what defines my name

[Chorus: J. Cole]
Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

[Nas]
I ain't mad at you, young king, this unsung song is haunting
Along comes a one son called a offspring
The Earth spins, my Old Earth grin, sung a church hymn
She birthed in September, took my first wind, again, the Earth spins
I jumped in my first Benz, fled out, lead out
Screams got in the game and took bread out
The nerve of these niggaz, weak flow, yo Cole let's murder this sequel
Freedom or jail from Fayetteville to QB though
Cause back when I was young there was massive niggaz
But I passed them niggaz, just being nasty nigga
Military hat, fatigue pants saggin, Henny'd up
Execs asking will he live to see his own release date happen
Straight off the corner with the armor, Arm & Hammer
But I had a appeal, I was a charmer..
Yet still being my momma's son was my biggest honor
This shit was just kinda just a hobby in my project lobby
We was tryna be the Queensbridge Cosby's
But the street life robbed me of that, so I had to put it in raps
And who could I ask for help? Older nigga was gettin mad
But that's the gift and the curse, that's the good and the bad
At least you got Jay, but he already one of the greats
And it's hard for the great to tell somebody how to be great
Nigga I tried and niggaz threw that shit right back in my face
They took my co-sign, but they ain't let me EP their tapes
And when they joint tanked, that's when they point blame
So point blank, young Cole, you won't be the same
The first album freedoms and them fourth album pressures
A big difference between 'em but I get why you said it
Radio records are needed, I just wanted it to bring the warning
Global warming to that cold world you was breathin
That's some advice, I never got
If I don't sell another record, I'll just steady rock
While you was writin down my rhymes I was just tryin to show you
that if you say what's on your mind, you can stand the test of time
Now I'm playin "Born Sinner" loud, saw you live, rock the crowd
Like wow, you made your nigga Nas proud
So you ain't let Nas down...
It's just part of the game, becoming a rap king, my nigga
You ain't let Nas down...
How that sound? Here the crown, pass it to you like nothin, nigga
You ain't let Nas down

[Chorus: Nas]
Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Slick Rick was like Jesus, G Rap wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
Large Professor's my mentor, that's how the story end, uh


You're everything, you're everything

I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
I got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie
I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
I got a whole lot to prove

Uh, sip from the bottle for shit that we bottlin' in
Goin' live but we not on the 'Gram
It's the land of supply and demand
All my young niggas choppin' up grams
And them choppas, won't pry from they hands
Packin' lead like they got a exam
If it's beef, my nigga look just like home wreckers
They got they eye on your mans
I pray to God it'll jam
Too many done died in these parts
So we gotta be smart if we tryna see August
Some niggas won't make it past summer, regardless
I'm tryin' my hardest to stack my deposits
These niggas be lookin' at me like I got it
Deep down inside, though, I still feel as broke
As that nigga who just graduated from college
Scrapin' up change that got left in my pockets
I'm tryna make nickels turn into a dollar
Ridin' the train, way too shy to go holler
Just watched her get off at a stop, I'm a coward
Fuck it, though, you got a way bigger target
I'ma do it so big, they don't know what to call it
Sound like a whole Lambo truck in my stomach
Bitch, I ain't hungry, this feeling is starving
Gotta move momma from out them apartments
Gotta put 'Ville on the map, we forgotten
Gotta hit hoes, you hang up at your locker
Gotta get rich 'cause my granny pick cotton
Gotta make hits, 'cause if nothin', I'm floppin'
Gotta stay me in the process
Nigga dissed me, it was nonsense
I sat 'em down like his father
My nigga asked, "Why you bother?"
We shoulda caught him and mobbed him
I said, "We gotta move smarter"
Don't wan' be the reason for one more sad song
I tried to warn niggas they wouldn't last long
I hope that you see how they came and they went
They shots never hit but they made their attempts
May have a good year like their name on a blimp
But you know what it take to be poppin' this long
Dedication on another level niggas never seen in they life
Celebratin' all your first downs like they touchdowns, bring a price
Young Simba had a buss down, yeah, the Lion King on ice
Niggas wanted me to look the part, had to stop takin' advice
Put the jewelry to the side, had to find me, had to find God
Half the time, we be pacifyin', what they expect from us?
But that's treacherous, that shows less of us
I need y'all to see every part of me, every scar and every artery
Every story that I can recall, then I can fall

I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
I got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie
I got blood on my hands, I ain't gon' lie
I got mud on my shoes, I ain't gon' lie
I got real, real big plans, I ain't gon' lie
I got a whole lot to prove, I ain't gon' lie

Uh, lately, I reflect, on the times a nigga was low
I got it up off the floor, I'm stronger than ever before
I'm stronger than ever before, just like I planned to be
They wanna see me fold, it ain't no thang to me
Thoughts when I was broke, "If only I could be"
Pockets holdin' hope, it ain't no thang to me
At night, I hit my knees, I pray for better days
Then found the better me, I got my head on straight

Up, up and away
Just ridin' my wave, I ain't ever gon' say nothin'
Nigga throw a shot my way, I just jot down names
But never gon' say nothin'
Know you be stressin', hate only block your blessin'
I'm never gon' say nothin'
Quit all that flexin', niggas live check to check
I'm never gon' say nothin', know that it's destin-


[Verse 1:]
Maine on fire
My empire be higher
Than an octave on Mariah
You niggas should worship sire
Your crew holding dead weight like a fuckin' hearse's tire
Meanwhile I'm like the flow diversifier verse is flyer
Gave you truth at a time when niggas prefer the liars
I was David promising the world that ima serve Goliath
Then I swam with sharks
Made it to the land and part
My dick in bitches
With intentions sick as satan's worst desires
Hell of a intro speedin' through this life at a hell of a tempo
Get my head out the window
20 k in my pocket
As I'm feeling the wind blow
And I ain't have a wallet since nintendo, comprendo
Orchestrating these capers watch my paper crescendo
I used to wanna save the world
Now all I do is spend dough
Till I snap back like hov hat
Now I'm back with this big black strap like hol' that

[Hook:]
Maine on fire
Top down bitch I ain't no liar
Henny on the rocks and plenty on the watch
Middle fingers to the ones who say we can't go higher
Maine on fire
Every week can see my name on flyers
Henny by the shots many bottles pop
And if she say that she ain't let me she a dang on liar

[Verse 2:]
We collect a hundred thou
Getting over on promoters might as well say run it now
I was such a cunning child
The one your girl mama wish she brought back home instead of you
The one your mama glad you hung around
Cole a charming nigga that can harm a nigga
Chest out in your hood like I walk around with armor nigga
But its just me and all my nigga's and we fuck the baddest
Bitches on the planet witnesses this is
Hustle at its, finest cause while you nigga's chase vaginas
We just let the paper blind us
While vaginas chase behind us
Take notes make money don't make jokes
For the master grab his rope and make us all scapegoats
Real shit but if the world really bout to end
We might as well let my nigga Craig out the pen
Pain so deep the words bled out the pen
And maine don't sleep nigga I win then come again

Huh

[Hook:]
Maine on fire
Top down bitch I ain't no liar
Henny on the rocks and plenty on the watch
Middle fingers to the ones who say we can't go higher
Maine on fire
Every week can see my name on flyers
Henny by the shots many bottles pop
And if she say that she ain't let me she a dang on liar


Yeah
on one hand I'm happy for her, because she smilin 
and I think about the times that she smiled for me
On the other hand I'm bitter and well, inside I'm dyin' 
cause she loves him and she ain't got no time for me
And her new boyfriend is so clever over heard a couple of her friends tellin' her he better than me 
And despite all the spite that builds with each passing night 
I can't help but think they right because he never did cheat (never did cheat, true)
And there is no excuse I can use 
and there are no words I could say to make you believe 
that I did this for us 
Now I'm back on the mission 
tryna get what's mine 
I gotta have her but this nigga here's in my way 
What he don't know 
from a 1 to 10 that girls a dime 
No disrespect but when I met her dawg she was a foe
I taught her everything she know 

I remember when 
we were lovers and friends 
friends till the end 
But now you're back again 
cause you see me with him 
And it's funny how you think
Funny how the tables turned, 
played your cards now watch it burn karma cuts so deep
It starts to burn
Now what you really sorry for? 
I lost track of keeping score
Sick of all the back and forth
So now I gotta know for sure 
yeahhh

Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
That's all I wanted to hear
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
I'll make it all disappear 
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me 
Say that you love me
Say that you love me
Say that you love me babbbby

Baby honestly this is so hard for me
Cause yours I wanna be 
Yeah
Yeah he treats me right
But you make love to my mind
You be my permanent high 

Funny how the tables turned, played your cards now watch it burn 
Karma cuts so deep
It starts to burn
Now what you really sorry for? 
I lost track of keeping score
Sick of all the back and forth
So now I gotta know for sure yeahhh

Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
That's all I wanted to hear
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
I'll make it all disappear 
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me 
Say that you love me
Say that you love me
Say that you love me 

I fucked up, I ain't gon' lie
Tryna get a piece of that apple pie
I fucked up, I ain't gon' lie 
Finally got a piece of that apple pie 
Hey
I hit the road, came back home
Note on the table sayin she was gone
Tears spin the words
Sayin I can't wait 
Found somebody else hope it's not too late

Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
That's all I wanted to hear
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me
I'll make it all disappear 
Do you love me? Tell me that you love me 
Say that you love me (say it baby)
Say that you love me (say it baby)
Say that you love me


[Hook]
I tried, you tried, we tried
All of the times that we had together
We should've known nothing lasts forever
[repeat]

[Verse 1]
When this shit end, man it's gon get ugly
Real real ugly, your grandmama love me
And your mama love me, little sister hugs me
Even got a few homegirls that wanna fuck me
Soon as this shit end, forget about it
You been stayin' in my crib, you gotta get up out it
Cause if you layin' in my bed, let's admit about it
One time fuckin' and we no longer upset about it
Cause when this shit ends it's either all or nothin'
I thought you loved me, how the hell you gon call ya cousin?
You know the diesel ass, half slow, evil ass
Nigga in that Honda showin' up with that drama
On my mama, we been through it all
From the goods to the bads, rise to the fall
You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst
So when this shit ends, know it's gon hurt

[Hook]
(You can't say we didn't try, you can't say we didn't try)
I tried, you tried, we tried
All of the times that we had together
We should've known nothing lasts forever
[repeat]

[Verse 2]
They say we won't last
I know you suspicious, but you don't ask
And I don't tell, that's where we both fell
A good nigga gone bad
Good chick, alone, mad as fuck, she done had enough
I be, out here tryna raise my status up
But success bring bitches, and they bad as fuck
Ass fat as fuck, with a little ol' waist
I ain't want the whole meal, just a little ol' taste
Should have looked both ways fore I crossed you
I guess I never thought I could have ever have lost you
Now I'm out stuntin' with this bitch, who ain't about nothin'
While some nigga learnin' all the shit I taught you
Damn, guess you deserve that, a new start
But deep down you know we grew apart, long before I broke your heart
If I lost your respect, I'm just hopin' you don't look at me as somethin' you regret

[Hook]
(You can't say we didn't try, you can't say we didn't try)
I tried, you tried, we tried
All of the times that we had together
We should've known nothing lasts forever
[repeat]

[Verse 3]
I got your message I been meanin' to respond, know it's been a while
Apologies, I ain't been around
I wanna kick it, but I know that shit is different now
And times have changed
Let me know if I'm out of bounds, are the lines the same?
I mean ya, lookin' good, yeah you still got it
Been reminiscin' and I'm not sure how I feel about it
Now we can say that all good things come to an end
But we know each other way too well to pretend
We went from friends to somethin' much more
To breakin' up to makin' up and fuckin' once more
Second chances, we gave enough
'Til finally we gave it up, but some days I be wakin' up and wantin' one more
But what for? Maybe it's just the weather
We break each others hearts, so maybe it's for the better
Holler whenever, cause you always got a friend in me
And nothin' lasts forever, least we got these memories

[Hook]
(You can't say we didn't try, you can't say we didn't try)
I tried, you tried, we tried
All of the times that we had together
We should've known nothing lasts forever
[repeat]


[Verse 1]
Yea, yea, yea,
Dear Mrs. Bill Collector
I know ya just doing your job, don’t mean to disrespect ya
But we’ve been going through this thang since way back
I told ya when I get the dough I would pay back
But I got problems babayy...yea, if you only knew
I got bigger problems babbayyy
So why ya talkin about the money that I owe, like as if I didn’t know man,
it don’t mean nothing to me
Cause right now I got my lil boy crying, and my grandmother dying,
could you please stop fuckin with me?
Listen here, I aint lookin for no tears, but my brother got a year,
and my momma keep smoking that shit
On top of that, I’m broke, please put that in your notes
for the next one to call me up talking that shit

[B.o.B]
So life don’t pass me by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by
So life don’t pass me by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by

[Verse 2]
Hey, Dear Mr. Policeman
Hey am I wrong, ain't you suppose to keep the peace man?
I coulda swore I was driving pretty peaceful
So why the hell is you pullin over me fo’?
Is it this black Mercedez? (Oh now I get it, I get it, I get it)
Or cause I’m black? Hmmm, maybe
Hey, tell me why my hands start sweatin’ and I hold my breath everytime that you get behind me
I turn my music down, so you won’t hear a sound, man I’m nervous like I got a couple pounds on me
You pulled me over, you frown on me
With your flashlight, tell me what do you see
Thug niggas, drug dealers, its a trip, every nigga in this whip got a mothafuckin college degree

[B.o.B]
So life don’t pass me by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by

[Verse 3]
Yea, my middle finger to the law, bustin off, tryna touch the sky
My teacher said, “Impossible”, but I’mma fuckin try
Plus how he gon’ tell me, he don't make the rules
There’s niggas dying everyday, but we don’t make the news
Instead they talkin bout some thunderstorm, cyclones
Timmy got his bike stole, top story, Tiger Woods “be fuckin all these white hoes”
Anchorman stop snitchin
Cut the commercial, he be texting all the side bitches, hey my goodness
How ironic, on trial for possession of some chronic
My lawyer came to court, man he was higher than the comet
Hey your honor, is you kidding? How you sit above me?
Are you perfect mothafucker, how you finna judge me?
When you home you don't cuss, drink and puff like us
These cops is bad boys, baby just like Puff
They hate they jobs and they days be fucked up like us
At the end of the day, you niggas just like us

[B.o.B]
So life don’t pass me by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by
Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why
Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry
So lonely days I say goodbye bye
Gotta live for today so life won’t pass me by by


[Verse 1]
Yea, yea, yea, Dear Mrs. Bill Collector
I know ya just doing your job, don’t mean to disrespect ya
But we’ve been going through this thang since way back
I told ya when I get the dough I would pay back
But I got problems babayy…yea, if you only knew
I got bigger problems babbayyy
So why ya talkin about the money that I owe, like as if I didn’t know man, it don’t mean nothing to me
Cause right now I got my lil boy crying, and my grandmother dying, could you please stop fuckin with me?
Listen here, I aint lookin for no tears, but my brother got a year, and my momma keep smoking that shit
On top of that, I’m broke, please put that in your notes for the next one to call me up talking that shit

[Verse 2]
Hey, Dear Mr. Policeman
Hey am I wrong, aint you suppose to keep the peace man?
I coulda swore I was driving pretty peaceful
So why the hell is you pullin over me fo’?
Is it this black Mercedez? (Oh now I get it, I get it, I get it)
Or cause I’m black? Hmmm, maybe
Hey, tell me why my hands start sweatin and I hold my breath everytime that you get behind me
I turn my music down, so you won’t hear a sound, man I’m nervous like I got a couple pounds on me
You pulled me over, you frown on me
With your flashlight, tell me what do you see
Thug niggas, drug dealers, its a trip, every nigga in this whip got a mothafuckin college degree

[Verse 3]
Yea, my middle finger to the law, bustin off, tryna touch the sky
My teacher said, “Impossible”, but I’mma fuckin try
Plus how he gon’ tell me, he dont make the rules
There’s niggas dying everyday, but we don’t make the news
Instead they talkin bout some thunderstorm, cyclones
Timmy got his bike stole, top story, Tiger Woods “be fuckin all these white hoes”
Anchorman stop snitchin
Cut the commercial, he be texting all the side bitches, hey my goodness
How ironic, on trial for possession of some chronic
My lawyer came to court, man he was higher than the comet
Hey your honor, is you kidding? How you sit above me?
Are you perfect mothafucker, how you finna judge me?
When you home you dont cuss, drink and puff like us
These cops is bad boys, baby just like Puff
They hate they jobs and they days be fucked up like us
At the end of the day, you niggas just like us


Yo
Ayo Scoob, ayo Scoob
My nigga, what's good? Word
Yessir, what's poppin'?
I'm comin' through, hold up, hold up
Stay right there, I'm comin' through, hol' up (Bvtman)
Hell yeah, can't believe I seen this nigga Scoob, man
It's crazy

Uh, don't you dare run from it
There's no bogeyman, it ain't comin' to hurt you
I think acceptance is somewhat of a virtue
To look your truth dead in the face
Without tryna escape the regret or disgrace
I write these words aimlessly
But not without hope
That somehow I'll stumble on somethin' that's dope
A clever lil' line, a thought to provoke
Myself and that listener diggin' for quotes, hello
I don't even know if somebody gon' hear this
Got so many songs that get lost in the endless (Bvtman)
Folders of the hard drive, I wish I was more fearless
'Cause I'll just say, "Fuck it" and dump all the music
For niggas that hate it and niggas that use it
As fuel to push them through long nights at school
Writin' that last minute paper for class
That's due in the mornin'
And I still relate to that procrastination for tasks
'Cause I need to finish this album
But hell, how many more times
Can I send this wooden pail down in that well
And pull it back up with the hope that it's filled?
Plus, it don't help that I'm rich now
So that means that I don't gotta deal
With stress of these creditors, callin' my cellular
Like that young rapper that don't got a deal (Bvtman)
But do got the skill and do got the will
To make it no matter how long that it takes
For labels to see you or a song that'll break
And the rest of the world to catch on that he's great
Uh, how do you tap into hunger
When you don't got wonder
'Bout when your next meal is comin' from?
Maybe you feel my conundrum
Or maybe the real is I'm so, um
Far removed from the struggles of everyday folks
My shit just ain't never gon' hit like it hit
When a nigga was a lil' more closer to broke (Broke)
Uh, but fuck it, the challenge be havin' me stoked
Throw in the towel? Man, you gotta be jokin'
I push my salary up with these quotes (Bvtman)
Now, I push the Lambo' truck down in the 'Ville
Hopin' I connect with somethin' that's real
Part of me wonders why I'm even still (Still)
Uh, holdin' on to this place
My momma been gone and my partners is straight, right?
Right

(Bvtman)


Hey hey hey
Hey hey hey
Yeah hey

Bright lights, big dreams
Nice night or so it seems
Stroll in the club with her tight fit jeans
Praying that she might get seen by a nigga with a contract
With a sports team or just a nigga that you figure could afford things
Like more rings for her fingers
She used to fuck singers but said they too soft, just copped a new loft
For you walk into her crib got to take her shoes off
Thats only step one your dress is next hun
You say your kid sleep, I don't want no step son
But lead the way to your bed room, king size bed so we got leg room
She give Queen like head so we got head room, my God
Than I work her like its my job
Her moans are like music to my ears ipod

And than I hit the door, cause baby I got to go
Oh yeah don't act like you don't know
I know you've been through this before

Check it, I make the rich bitch beg
Make the good girl steal
Make the old ladies blush
Make the young hoes squeal
For real, for real

Good girl huh, father was a preacher
Sent her off to college thought I got her on a leash though
From the outside though, them girls be the squeakiest
You get 'em inside them girls be the freakiest

Mischievous, downright devious
Say she want cake I got all the right ingredients
Running round fronting like a pure white virgin
Gave a nigga dome while her father gave a Sermon
Amen, let the choir sing
She be walking round campus like the quiet thing
So niggas scared to approach when they admiring
Man if they know like I know she got that fire thing
Pour a little OJ with some P-trone
I'm feeling ok, but homie she's gone
When remmy Rev called she just ignore him
I had her calling on God till the weed
And than I hit the door nigga

Cause baby I got to go
Oh yeah don't act like you don't know
I know you've been through this before

Check it, I make the rich bitch beg
Make the good girl steal
Make the old ladies blush
Make the young hoes squeal
For real, for real


[J. Cole:]
It's ya nigga, deep thinker, big drinker
Late night, with ya wife in ya crib sneaker
When you out of town, and you not around
Turn your ass over like a nigga stepped out of bounds
Crowd around young'n
I got ammo and a lot of rounds coming
Up in the streets where you not allowed, runnin'
Got the songs bitches ride around hummin'
And the niggas stay thumpin'
And the hater's hate pumpin'
Got the 808's bumpin'
So the trunks stay thumpin'
And the nigga get high only on occasion in
My mind too wild
Damn thought weed supposed to calm you down
But I'm so high I can palm two clouds
Boy look, these niggas quote my lines like the Lord's book
You niggas less rhymes more hooks
More bucks but less love
You hear them drums, Questlove
No Roots, I'm so truth
I used to rock sidelines like a coat suit
Had to look at all them loafers, yeah them boat shoes
Now I'm in the game but I wont boast to you dummy
Remember niggas had short jokes for my money
Toast to the honey's, money and the liquor
And bitch I don't sound like any other nigga
With my finger on the trigger
I burn rappers like Henny on the liver
Grant death wishes like a genie I'ma killer
Lord giveth and he taketh like an Indian giver
Hard to keep jimmy in zipper
When you got them bad Anne Vivians with ya
Remy and weed, I got em on Pluto
I prefer Henny but the hoes like Nuvo

[Fashawn:]
Check, every time a nigga roll
Old school whips and it's sittin on 4's
Hoes on me when I enter the door
If a nigga wanna trip, good grip on the chrome
Empty out a clip from the fifth then I'm gone
Twist up a spliff, get a fifth of Patron
Hate a chick who just talk shit on the phone
Baby I'm tryna stick, give ya dicks to ya dome, shit
If I was you nigga I would hate him
Hot August nights I'm out there in Vegas
Stuntin til time, had that patience
Now it's big faces, fly vacations
Alias Shawn stacks
Miss shows, never call back
Blowin' Dro sippin tall cats
On the low had to crawl back
Niggas wonder if it's all raps
Or it's all facts

[Omen:]
As I step in the toe like Fe fi foe
With the heat like flow and the beat typo
Better rewrite yo, get your rhyming straight
Get murked plus 8 like Jon and Kate
I mean it's time for the face off
Hit the corner like an 8 ball
Man I concentrate like Adolf
No time for I had a get a day job
Me on the mind you aint even on the radar
Never bring it but I never been a fiend for her silly ways
So I'm tryna get the cream til I'm silly paid
Couldn't put her on the team, every week another reason
Thats fiend like Billy Mays
Gotta grind gotta focus
Gotta shine through the minds of the blind light the hopeless
Never confined to the rhymes that I've chosen
Moment of silence the Times gotta quote this


Yea, yea, yea, yea, uh uh
Yea, yea, yea, uh!

What am I here for?
I'm a man so I cannot let them tears fall?
But understand tryna get my head clear ya'll
This shit is on my mind
Asking for the lord to show me all my signs
Show me something, uh
Cause I'm trynna find something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, yeah

Uh, yeah
I sit and reminisce on them niggas no longer here (Rest in peace)
And how I used to hit the mall and ya'll was always there (Yeah)
I sit and think how I didn't grow up with my father there (Yeah)
No need to to cry cause it only made me stronger yea (Uh huh)
I watch my brother get in trouble with the law and yea (Uh)
That shit cut me like I was sitting in a barber chair (Uh)
Cause I don't wanna see them locked up in them bars in there (Yeah yeah)
And I don't wanna see him stretched out in a coffin yea (Uh)
I'm wishing I can move my momma out so far from here (So far from here)
I know that she deserve much better and she worked hard as hell (She worked hard as hell)
That's why you never see me settle cause they want us here (They want us here nigga)
I'm trynna side step the devil but he heartless yea (He heartless)
But just know that I'm a rebel and yo it's almost here (It's almost here)
I'm talking bout the revolution I am Paul Revere (I am Paul Revere, yeah)
So dry your eyes, momma please you can pause them tears (Pause them tears)
Cause I promise I'm gon get us outta here (I'm gon get us outta here)
I'm gonna get us outta here

What am I here for?
I'm a man so I cannot let them tears fall?
But understand tryna get my head clear ya'll
This shit is on my mind
Asking for the lord to show me all my signs
Show me something, uh
Cause I'm trynna find something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, yeah

Yeah
I swear I'm praying for my niggas when I say grace (Yeah)
I knoe them niggas don't care who they hit they spray straight (Uh)
But lord please protect my family cause if they graze (Nah)
Niggas is loading up that ammi and them A-K's (Uh huh)
I know it's wrong and that revenge is all in yo' hands (Yeah)
But last night I heard they robbed and killed a old man (Damn)
Now if they cold enough to take a life that's innocent (Uh huh)
I know that they could give a fuck whether I live and shit (Uh huh)
And so I'm asking you if you can hold me down lord (Please)
Be my umbrella-ella-ella in this down pour (Uh huh)
I knoe you never-ever-ever let me drown or (Nah)
Won't let that devil-evil-evil win this round naw (Never)
And though I stray for you, you know that my heart is good (Yeah)
And I know I ain't exactly living how I probly should (Haha)
And I'm a try to act better like it's hollywood (Hollywood)
Niggas congratulate me I just tell 'em god is good (I just tell 'em God is good)
God is good

What am I here for?
I'm a man so I cannot let them tears fall?
But understand tryna get my head clear ya'll
This shit is on my mind
Asking for the lord to show me all my signs
Show me something, uh
Cause I'm trynna find something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, yeah

Uh, yea my niggas drug dealing in the trap
I'm tellin you wake up nigga it's a trap, you set up
And to them young mothers fed up, just keep your head up
Don't let up, you fall you get up
You make your bed up that you sleep in
Fake rappers ain't practicing what they preaching (Nah)
They tell you hit the trap while they relaxing on the beach and
I'm here to spit the facts, a nigga backflipped off the deep end
And smell this shit for what it is
Not Kells but I love the kids (But I love the kids)
And so I make the song to let 'em know that they important (Yeah)
Cause them racist teachers could'nt give a fuck bout what they score is (Nope)
So they try to get them hands up on them Grants like Horace
Now they slanging 'for you know it cops is knocking they got warrants, damn!
Uh, and now he running for it, damn! (Yeah)
Yea and now the cops is running for him damn! (Yeah)
And now he finally slowing down
Hands behind your head, lay down on the ground, nigga uh

What am I here for?
I'm a man so I cannot let them tears fall?
But understand tryna get my head clear ya'll
This shit is on my mind
Asking for the lord to show me all my signs
Show me something, uh
Cause I'm trynna find something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, uh
I'm lost can you show me something, yeah


Niggas be thinkin' I'm deep, intelligent, fooled by my college degree
My IQ is average, there's a young lady out there, she way smarter than me
I scrolled through her timeline in these wild times, and I started to read
She mad at these crackers, she mad at these capitalists, mad at these murder police
She mad at my niggas, she mad at our ignorance, she wear her heart on her sleeve
She mad at the celebrities, lowkey I be thinkin' she talkin' 'bout me
Now I ain't no dummy to think I'm above criticism
So when I see something that's valid, I listen
But shit, it's something about the queen tone that's botherin' me
She strike me as somebody blessed enough to grow up in conscious environment
With parents that know 'bout the struggle for liberation and in turn they provide her with
A perspective and awareness of the system and unfairness that afflicts 'em
And the clearest understandin' of what we gotta do to get free
And the frustration that fills her words seems to come from the fact that most people don't see
Just 'cause you woke and I'm not, that shit ain't no reason to talk like you better than me
How you gon' lead, when you attackin' the very same niggas that really do need the shit that you sayin'?
Instead of conveying you holier, come help get us up to speed
Shit, it's a reason it took like two hundred years for our ancestors just to get freed
These shackles be lockin' the mental way more than the physical
I look at freedom like trees, can't grow a forest like overnight
Hit the ghetto and slowly start plantin' your seeds
Fuck is the point of you preaching your message to those that already believe what you believe?
I'm on some "Fuck a retweet," most people is sheep
You got all the answers but how you gon' reach?
If I could make one more suggestion respectfully
I would say it's more effective to treat people like children
Understandin' the time and love and patience that's needed to grow
This change is inevitable but ain't none of us seen this before
Therefore we just gotta learn everything as we go
I struggle with thoughts on the daily
Feel like a slave that somehow done saved enough coins to buy his way up outta slavery
Thinkin' just maybe, in my pursuit to make life so much better for me and my babies
I done betrayed the very same people that look at me like I'm some kind of a hero
Because of the zeros that's next to the commas
But look here, I promise I'm not who you think
Ran into this nigga outside of the store yesterday
He said something that had me like, "Wait"
He was like "Cole, 'preciate what you been doin', my nigga, that's real"
But damn, why I feel faker than Snow on Tha Bluff?
Well maybe 'cause deep down I know I ain't doing enough

The sun is shinin' today
The sun is shinin' today
The sun is shinin' today

Can you walk with me?
I hope we'll find the reason why we often sob, go on cry
Painful memories fuck up the vibe
Though I be tryin' to let the time heal my mind
I was once a child, I've gotten older
Still, I know I'm just a boy in God's eyes
Fill me up with wisdom and some courage
Plus endurance to survive, help mine thrive


[Intro]
Cole World, the new Nat King
If I ain’t the illest nigga, I’m his new vaccine
Really more like poison when his New Jack Swing
And my bed is like a deck of cards – two black queens
A nigga don’t like me, he just a fucking hater
What you made last week, I just tipped the fucking waiter
What that feel like? Tell me what that feel like?
Nigga fuck your Twitter, bitches follow me in real life

[Interlude]
Welcome back, ladies and gentleman, to a brand new season.
Dreamville, Cole World. So much is happening, our time apart. I can’t wait to share it with you all in due time.
Did you miss me? I know I missed you. Can’t believe these niggas ain’t rap on this shit man.

[Verse 1]
Heard niggas got beef, then they see me on the street, and don’t speak
Heard niggas dropping songs every week, but they weak
Yeah I heard about your deal, hope they keep the receipt
Heard niggas out there saying I would be Memphis Bleek
Well, how you feel when that nigga got mills?
And you sitting, commenting, discussing on how you feel?
Bout another nigga shit, or another nigga chips
Meanwhile I’m on the strip, putt puttin’ wit ya bitch
Cut something in the 6 then dip to 160
Bitch don’t fuck with me, trust nigga I’m sick
Can’t tell me, fuck nigga I’m it
Watch this
Look, with my heart on my sleeve, I bleed pardon my greed
I plead insanity, with a side of vanity
How can it be
I blew up singlehandedly, nobody handed me shit
Granted though, I planned to be rich
Understandably, funny how I talk so candidly
On cameras but won’t holla at family only randomly
After a few drinks come our realest convos
My handle on my thoughts used to be as ill as Rondo’s
Screaming fuck whitey, forgetting I’m still mulatto
Ay reverend, will I get to heaven, he said “hell if I know”, shit
Stay scheming, day dreaming, chain gleaming
Name should be Abe Lincoln ‘cause I cannot tell a lie though
All facts in fact, been all that
Before Kenan and Kel swallow the key to my cell
Which means, I got an impossible lock to pick
And if you want my spot, you gotta go through lots of shit
Nigga, Cole the truth, you the opposite
I be tryna figure out why I cannot commit
With who I’ve known for years, is it hoes or fear
Meanwhile she wonder if the one she chose is pure
No cure for the cold, rather Cole the cure
Them last lines was more honest than your whole career
Nigga, you a phony, only got few homies
I prefer lonely, you rap niggas don’t know me
Staying to myself, not concerned ‘bout my health
I’m a mothafucka and yo baby mother is a milf
Couple years ago they had a nigga sitting on the shelf
Now they tell me “man you like the realest shit I ever smelt”
They say “boy you got the belt, plus you better than so-and-so”
I keep it modest but inside I already know it though
Yea thanks my nigga, yea thanks my nigga
I deserve but nah this ain’t Tank my nigga
Leave the party like I just robbed a bank my nigga
Bag full of money, fuck yo debate my nigga
‘Cause two years ago and I ain’t make it, I was pissed
But you care a little less about a list when you rich, nigga
When you rich nigga

[Interlude]
But that’s not what we came here for. We didn’t come here to brag; we didn’t come here to boast, to stunt.
We just came here to flex. Ladies and gentlemen, I appreciate your patience.
I assure you, it’ll be well worth the wait. In the meantime, if I can get right back into it though. Check it

[Verse 3]
How many Kanye beats do a nigga gotta murder
To prove my mind’s further, hater nigga convert her
Took kids to Carowinds which I’m sure you never heard of
‘Cause I didn’t tell the news or the Fayetteville Observer
I don’t do it for the press, I’m blessed, I made it out
Sitting on this plane, my biggest thing to complain about
Somewhere between yesterday and now
I done lost my jewelry, Rollies, chains, almost lost my cool
But see, I just left kids who ain’t got a fucking thing
‘Cept a lot of fucking problems and a lot of fucking pain
And here I go bitching ‘cause my Jesus piece missing
Got a feeling housekeeping finally caught a nigga slipping
Eyes wide open, they just found a pot of gold
Now lil’ Julio is somewhere shining on you hoes
But that’s how it goes, fuck it I’m still breathing
Like my lil’ nigga Jaheim, we here for a reason

[Outro]
That’s my lil’ man Jaheim. He said, “Cole, can you shout me out on a song?”
I was like, “I don’t know man,” but in my mind I knew I would shout him out though, you know


[J. Cole]
One time for the Plan
straight to the top
I got the power in my hands
yeah, live for the moment be high
act like you wanna reach high
know we aint on but we try
now holla back and reply

[Verse 1]
I feel like I live for this moment
see it in their eyes the other guys don’t want it
my style they can crown but can’t dethrone it
I was aiming for the top and now I-I-I’m on it
what a powerful performance
I was in my zone send flowers for opponents
tell em get well soon cause I aint in the mood
so if you read that word backwards it should spell doom
I’m on fire y’all can inhale fumes
as I zoom by ya as ya thinking who’s higher
fueled by a desire you should admire
that’s why I’m what they aspire to be before they retire
a livin’ legend with God given blessings
and game so cold they probably watching this in heaven
expectin’ the incredible so baby what me do that
and make the angels say Lord how he do that

[J. Cole]
One time for the Plan
straight to the top
I got the power in my hands
yeah, live for the moment be high
act like you wanna reach high
know we aint on but we try
now holla back and reply
(la la la la la la)

[Verse 2]
A champions mentality
and so I’m scoring ignoring the fact you fouling me
And 1 where I go you can’t come
I was schooling your father boy that make you my grandson
uh, I been around the block twice though my shot nice
no referee but best believe out here I got stripes
now that they finally consider me a legit scorer
would u believe I started off as a benchwarmer
had me feeling like master splinter
now the heads and commentators say thats a winner
hey, hard work pay off nah i dont take a day off,
I rest not i guess thats why ur best short way off
these are the things that dreams are made of
it’s sweet, no time for sleep when you’re elite
if what you reap is what you sow then wat was u expecting
expect to come in secound while I become a legend

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
why dont you reach for the sky
ooh, you dont believe you could fly
I guess I see you when you get in, I guess I see you when you get in
(la la la la la la)

[Chorus]


[Verse 1]
My man Shawn from around the way son been down from day one
Never been known for mistakes but was bound to make one
Her name was Nina
See he was all about the cash flow
'Til she came and had this man pussy whipped to the max yo
A true dime piece describing her
Brown eyes, caramel skin, thick thighs
Goes beyond speech
But besides looks her mind's lost
Known for kicking cats to the curb
Leaving their hearts on the sidewalk
Shawn was one of them
She said she was loving him 
But only fucked with him because he had some funds coming in
He couldn't see it though
She was cheating and he didn't even know
He even bought a crib with this female hoe
In the ride, mad jewels, mad clothes, mad shoes
And to show his commitment he got her name tattooed
I gotta hand it to her
She had the stuff planned out
But watch what happened when her luck ran out

[Chorus (x2):]
What goes around comes around
What goes up must come down
You up now but you'll get yours
Some how
Some day
In some way, shape, or form
Revenge is coming
No way to escape the storm

[Verse 2]
Time passes
Shawn is thinking about wedding rings
But he knows the signs of cheating and doesn't wanna believe them
He disregards them
Goes out for diamond rings shopping
Now the big question is when is he gonna pop it
Waiting for the right time
Meanwhile Nina's the same hoe
Like a snare drum but bangs way more
For Shawn up to this point shit's going well
'Til one day his homeboy hit him on his cell, like:
"Yo son you wont believe this, I just seen your chick."
("Where?")
"In the mall with this cat, he was palming her ass
I swear to God son
Need me to run up on him and drop him?"
"Nah, chill I got this
I'll hit you back if it's popping"
He hung up but called Nina
"Where you at? What you doing?"
"At the mall with some friends buying new Timbs."
Something sounded funny
She was lying for sure
But Shawn had a little plot of his own
Check it

[Chorus:]
What goes around comes around
What goes up must come down
You up now but you'll get yours
Some how
Some day
In some way, shape, or form
Revenge is coming
No way to escape the storm

What goes around comes around
What goes up must come down
You up now but you'll get yours
Some how
Some day
In some way, shape, or form
Revenge is coming
Peep how he plays this whore

[Verse 3]
I missed you (Aw)
Missed you so bad I followed you (What, where?)
Followed you all the way to your boyfriend's ron de vous (What?)
Yeah bitch you caught now
So don't even try to give me that shit you thought how it wasn't you who I saw now (No it wasn't)
You trifling hoe
I gave my whole life to you yo
And now you basically shove a knife in my throat (It's not like that)
But it's alright though
The same cat you was fucking with then
Is currently laying dead in the trunk of my Benz (Oh God)
Yeah get to crying
In a minute you'll be there beside him
And by the time the cops find you I'll be in the islands (No, I'm sorry)
Visualizing what could have been between me and you
It was just just a dream
You fucked up the thing between us two
So now it's pick your piece before you leave this earth bitch (We can work this out)
I hope that shit was worth it
And now I pray that God is merciless
With this said
Goodbye to the reason I lived this life (Shawn)
Pointed the gat to her mouth
Long kiss goodnight (No)

[Chorus (x2):]
What goes around comes around
What goes up must come down
You up now but you'll get yours
Some how
Some day
In some way, shape, or form
Revenge is coming
No way to escape the storm


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Huh, can we vibe just a little?
That would be a dream come true
Ain't gon' lie, just like a fiend I've been feelin' you
Just a little, just a little

Um, uh
Had to let it ride just a little
Let me bring it back so it's clear
I've been wantin' you since we were little
Now we're full grown and you here
Do you have time just a little?
I can make it worth your while
Ain't you diggin' me a little?
Damn you look good when you smile

Huh
Just a little
Don't let mine ever change
Don't ever change, don't ever change


[Chorus]
Ayo, paper, green or chedder, cheese or bread
The cream is better, cake niggas fiend to get a piece of this American dream
It seems it’s sunken to where this money is all they in love with
Like paper, green or chedder, cheese or bread
The cream is better, cake niggas fiend to get a piece of this American dream
It seems it’s sunken to where this money is all they in love with

[Verse 1]
Yo, Tasha, a fox but, been round the block cause niggas jock her
The wannabe model she dating mobsters
Been involved with street kids to kingpins
Got a thing for the bad boys
That's how she meets him, see him is cat named black
Real name Jack James, stacks change
Real big in the crack game
She’s seen that Range and she’s seen that chain
The bling made the dame wanna give up her last name
She was wit, but he was pimp like, just like Ike was
Treated her like it was the Fight Club
Hit her with rights, blood drippin’ on white rug
By the end of the night, they would kiss and she was iced up
Long as he kept her iced up, she piped down
Hit her off with a little pipe to mic bounce
Down south where a nigga wouldn’t return for days or weeks
She was too afraid to cheat
So you ain't even gotta ask
As long as she got a Prada bag
Or an Armani exchange skirt showing a lot of ass
She’s good, living the life, she’s ballin’
too bad she picked the wrong nigga to get involved with
See the nigga black had problems and enemies
And snake niggas is friends only pretend to be
And cats is out for his head, he caught in some shit
Just watch how Tasha gets tossed in the mix

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Now Black owed money and when it comes to this money, trust me
You can’t tip toe with nobody cause niggas will do insane things to get they cream
Won’t even speak, let the bullets explain things
That's how it is, paybacks a bitch right especially if you didn’t pay back
Niggas is sick like, run up in your crib like “bitch where’s the bread at?”
“You got a week to get it, don't got it, you’ll regret it”
Funny I said it cause Jack’s in the same exact predicament
Got a foot in the grave and still digging it
Owe some niggas money with no intentions of giving it
Them niggas is sending warnings, he isn’t listening
Tomorrow morning they buss in his front door
And a swarm of muthafuckers with guns drawn coming at
On the hunt for Black, Tasha gets smacked
But Jack’s gone a whole week before he gets back but
Niggas is through waiting, they been too patient already
They ain't recieved a fucking penny
So they called a nigga up
Told him if he doesn't get the dough
And give it up n the next 6 hours, his bitch is fucked
But, hold up!
The nigga Black answers with “So What!”
“I gives a fuck, shoot the hoe up, still won’t show up”
Hung the phone up, toss it back and she knew
Sorry baby girl, this is what chedder can do!


Visions of home, the streets that I roamed it’s been a while
Raised me like the father I ain't never had, I’m still your child
And though I’ve grown in ways that you never known
I ventured into the world, I moved out all on my own
I’m doing this all for you, I hate to leave you alone
See shit you wouldn’t believe, I write ‘em down in these poems
And put ‘em out for the world, I know you listening too
Heard you saying shit about me, I hope the shit isn’t true
Man look at this shit I came from, this narrow point of view
How you hating on a nigga that wanted it more than you?
I ran through them spots with you and fucked the same bitches too
And just because I rocked with you I scrapped with them niggas too
Came back for them niggas too, ain't no trappin’ nigga it’s true
Yet they play me on repeat cause I rap for them niggas too
They see I started with nothing but passion and then I blew
To the Roc, damn the tops a spectacular fucking view

Visions of home, Visions of home
Visions of home, Visions of home (Yeah)
Visions of home, this is my zone

This is my joy, this is my pain, this is my song
This is for my cousin Ricky, damn niggas its been too long
Hate that my nigga Smitty slangin’ but to each his own
Gotta feed yo’self, smoke a little weed just to ease yo’self
Fuck the whole world I don’t need your help
You’re the reason why momma had those rocks
All my niggas never even had no pops
‘Memba that, you remember that?
If you don’t, double back
Momma found a much better crib on a safe street
But I’m still where the trouble at
Where the trouble at?
Thats cause my flows there
What it look like if I don’t go there
I’m dead wrong, it’s been way too long (long)
My folks there, what it look like if I don’t go there?
I’m dead wrong, it’s been way too long

Visions of home, visions of home
Visions of home nigga, visions of home
I’m coming home, coming home
Yeah Cole World
You know what it is…


[Verse 1]
Aye nigga I'm the best man
As if my best friend was getting married
Even with my eyes closed I'm something like a visionary
Paint you a perfect picture, nigga this is pictionary
Man they goin' have to put my picture in the dictionary
Right next to real then put your picture right next to fictionary
Claiming that you trill but you want bitches, all you niggas scary
Don't try to hide from it, oh boy we see you
Claim you goin' ride, oh no we don't believe you
Help wanted, classified, you need more people
Hating mind, I'm greater sign, hey we are no equal
My life is like a movie you like 3 or 4 previews
This the city where they glad to see your soul leave you
You're body laid back like neil so evil
Cole world baby 3 below zero
Getcha life snatched and your vehicle repo
I bring it to you live you gon' see it no TiVo

[Hook]
We on (nigga)
We on (cole world)
We on (cole world nigga)
We on
We on

[Verse 2]
Look man I'm tryna count money like a CFO you see us ho
Doing shows with hoes speaking languages that we don't know
Look here man, if love is blind then these bitches can't see no mo'
They fucking with the boy like a pedophile
If she won't go then we goin' roll cause J. Cole got a mean old flow
I looked up to some niggas but they ain't fuckin with me no more
Chip on my shoulder like I just left the casino oh
Nigga I been broke so don't hate me cause you don't see no dough
Hip-Hop was like Santa Claus cause no body believed no more
And then I came around, now nigga watch me paint the town
A lil black, a lil brown, a lil white, we a mess
This is Carolina repping you can check-in, be our guest
Me I'm blessed, shout to Khaled while I'm howlin' we da best
All these corny rap niggas tryna be my BFF
Nigga please, go head with that old bullshit you rhymin'
See this that good music, so we ain't got shit in common nigga

[Hook]
We on (nigga)
We on (cole world)
We on (cole world nigga)
We on
We on

Hey we on
We on
Hey we on
Man we on
Hey
